1623730 Fight, farm, build and work alongside mysterious creatures called 'Pals' in this completely new multiplayer, open world survival and crafting game! Q. What kind of game is this? A. In this game, you can peacefully live alongside mysterious creatures known as Pals or risk your life to drive off a ruthless poaching syndicate. Pals can be used to fight, or they can be made to work on farms or factories. You can even sell them or eat them! Survival In a harsh environment where food is scarce and vicious poachers roam, danger waits around every corner. To survive, you must tread carefully and make difficult choices...even if that means eating your own Pals when the time comes. Mounts &amp; Exploration Pals can be mounted to traverse the land, sea and sky—allowing you to traverse all kinds of environment as you explore the world. Building Structures Want to build a pyramid? Put an army of Pals on the job. Don't worry; there are no labor laws for Pals. Production Make use of Pals and their skills to make fire, generate electricity, or mine ore so that you can live a life of comfort. Farming Some Pals are good at planting seeds, while others are skilled at watering or harvesting crops. Work together with your Pals to create an idyllic farmstead. Factories &amp; Automation Letting Pals do the work is the key to automation. Build a factory, place a Pal in it, and they'll keep working as long as they're fed—until they're dead, that is. Dungeon Exploration With Pals on your side you can tackle even the most dangerous areas. When the time comes, you might have to sacrifice one to save your skin. They'll protect your life—even if it costs their own. Breeding &amp; Genetics Breed a Pal and it will inherit the characteristics of its parents. Combine rare pals to create the strongest Pal of them all! Poaching &amp; Crime Endangered Pals live in wildlife sanctuaries. Sneak in and capture rare Pals to get rich quick! It's not a crime if you don't get caught, after all. Multiplayer Multiplayer is supported, so invite a friend and go on an adventure together! And of course you can battle your friends and trade Pals, too. In online co-op play mode, up to 4 players can play together. Additionally, a dedicated server can allow up to 32 players to play together. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Open World Survival Creature Collector Multiplayer Open World Survival Craft Crafting Co-op Adventure Sandbox Third-Person Shooter Automation Action RPG Early Access Anime PvE 3D Indie Looter Shooter Hack and Slash
1172470 Apex Legends is the award-winning, free-to-play Hero Shooter from Respawn Entertainment. Master an ever-growing roster of legendary characters with powerful abilities, and experience strategic squad play and innovative gameplay in the next evolution of Hero Shooter and Battle Royale. Apex Legends: Takeover About the Game Conquer with character in Apex Legends, a free-to-play* Hero shooter where legendary characters with powerful abilities team up to battle for fame &amp; fortune on the fringes of the Frontier. Master an ever-growing roster of diverse Legends, deep-tactical squad play, and bold, new innovations that go beyond the Battle Royale experience — all within a rugged world where anything goes. Welcome to the next evolution of Hero Shooter. KEY FEATURES This game includes optional in-game purchases of virtual currency that can be used to acquire virtual in-game items, including a random selection of virtual in-game items. Note that any unused Apex Coins will expire 180 days after the first date in which they are acquired or purchased. The oldest Apex Coins that are subject to expiration in your balance will always be used first when using them to make in-game purchases. Apex Packs purchase is not available in Belgium. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases'] Free to Play Battle Royale Multiplayer FPS Shooter First-Person PvP Action Hero Shooter Team-Based Tactical Sci-fi Survival Loot Co-op Character Customization Funny Lore-Rich Cyberpunk Cinematic
1063730 Experience a thrilling action RPG set on the supernatural island of Aeternum. Forge your destiny on an adventure filled with danger and opportunity. NEW WORLD: AETERNUM GAME UPDATE A major update has arrived for New World! New World on Steam is now titled New World: Aeternum. The New World: Aeternum update includes a fully revamped storytelling approach with enhanced dialogue, in-game cinematics and pre-rendered scenes, the first-ever large-scale PvP zone, a challenging 10-player raid, new end-game solo trials, and more. For players on PC, access to the content in the New World: Aeternum update will depend on what New World products you have: I have the New World base game and the Rise of the Angry Earth expansion. If you currently have the New World base game and the Rise of the Angry Earth expansion, you will have access to all content in the New World: Aeternum update for free. I only have the New World base game and not the Rise of the Angry Earth expansion. If you currently only have the New World base game, you will have access to only some of the updates and content that launch with New World: Aeternum. To get access to all of the content like the new Raid, you will need to purchase the Rise of the Angry Earth expansion. I don’t have New World yet on PC. New PC players will want to get either the New World: Aeternum Standard Edition or New World: Aeternum Deluxe Edition. NEW WORLD: AETERNUM - DELUXE EDITION The New World: Aeternum Deluxe Edition comes with: New World: Aeternum Corrupted Mauler Bear Mount Corrupted Soul Armor Skin About the Game Explore a thrilling, massive and beautiful world filled with danger and opportunity where you'll forge a new destiny for yourself as an adventurer shipwrecked on the supernatural island of Aeternum. Endless opportunities to fight, forage, and forge await you among the island's wilderness and ruins. Channel supernatural forces or wield deadly weapons in a classless, real-time combat system, and fight alone, with a small team, or in massed armies for PvP and PvP battles—the choices are all yours. KEY FEATURES: DISCOVER THE ISLAND OF AETERNUM For thousands of years, Aeternum has been the source of fantastical legends—and now you've found it. Shipwrecked and without supplies or allied, you'll need to make your way in a dangerous world where supernatural power has changed all the rules. PLAY YOUR WAY Play solo or use cross-platform play to team up with others, or compete head-to-head in a variety of PvP battles. Customize the look, skills, and abilities of your character, and experiment with different builds to suit your play style. SWORDS, GUNS &amp; SORCERY Arm yourself with brutal melee weapons, ranged artillery, or supernatural powers and jump into New World's classless, real-time action combat system. As you progress you'll be able to determine what you want your gameplay experience to be like—will you act as a protective shield on the front lines of battle? Will you sling spells to support your allies from a safe distance? Only you can decide. CHOOSE YOUR PLAY STYLE Choose from seven unique starting archetypes. Each archetype has its own play style. From the Destroyer, a mighty slayer, brutally executing foes with a massive great axe and war hammer to the Mystic, a scholar-warrior who seeks to master the forces of life and death. Choose and change at any point in the game. SUMMON YOUR MOUNT Master horses, dire wolves, and lions, each with a unique look, dyeable equipment and a name you can set. Level up your Riding Trade Skill to earn upgrades like increased speeds, buffs and higher tier consumable food for your mount. Customize your experience with accessibility settings before game play. Tailor audio to your preferences with settings for volume controls, mono sounds, stereo sound, and surround sound. Personalize camera comfort settings, subtitle settings, and alter game inputs via key binding options. Finally, ensure no message is missed with chat text-to-speech and speech-to-text. ACCESSIBILITY FEATURES: Customize your experience with accessibility settings before game play. Tailor audio to your preferences with settings for volume controls, mono sounds, stereo sound, and surround sound. Personalize camera comfort settings, subtitle settings, and alter game inputs via key binding options. Finally, ensure no message is missed with chat text-to-speech and speech-to-text. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support'] Open World Massively Multiplayer MMORPG RPG Adventure Action PvP PvE Multiplayer Fantasy Character Customization Walking Simulator Crafting Third Person Co-op Open World Survival Craft Sandbox Violent Sexual Content Singleplayer
553850 The Galaxy’s Last Line of Offence. Enlist in the Helldivers and join the fight for freedom across a hostile galaxy in a fast, frantic, and ferocious third-person shooter. Digital Deluxe Edition Edition includes: ‘DP-53 Savior of the Free’ Armor Set. ‘Will of the People’ Cape. ‘MP-98 Knight’ Weapon. Super Citizen Status. Stratagem Hero Ship Game. ‘Steeled Veterans’ Premium Warbond. About the Game The Galaxy’s Last Line of Offence. Enlist in the Helldivers and join the fight for freedom across a hostile galaxy in a fast, frantic, and ferocious third-person shooter. URGENT BROADCAST – SUPER EARTH ARMED FORCES Freedom. Peace. Democracy. Your Super Earth-born rights. The key pillars of our civilization. Of our very existence. But the war rages on. And everything is once again under threat. Join the greatest military force the galaxy has ever seen and make this a safe and free place to live. BECOME A LEGEND You will be assembled into squads of up to four Helldivers and assigned strategic missions. Watch each other’s back – friendly fire is an unfortunate certainty of war, but victory without teamwork is impossible. LOADOUTS Rain down freedom from above, sneak through enemy territory, or grit your teeth and charge head-first into the jaws of combat. How you deliver liberty is your choice; you’ll have access to a wide array of explosive firepower, life-saving armor and battle-changing stratagems… the jewel in every Helldiver’s arsenal. REQUISITION Super Earth recognises your hard work with valuable Requisition. Use it to access different rewards that benefit you, your squad, your destroyer ship and our overall war effort. THREATS Everything on every planet wants you dead. That’s what we’re dealing with. Each enemy has distinct and unpredictable characteristics, tactics, and behavior – but they all fight ferociously and without fear or morality. THE GALACTIC WAR Capturing enemy planets, defending against invasions, and completing missions will contribute to our overall effort. This war will be won or lost depending on the actions of everyone involved. We stand together, or we fall apart. ['Action'] ['Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Family Sharing'] Online Co-Op PvE Third-Person Shooter Multiplayer Action Shooter Co-op Sci-fi Capitalism Space Extraction Shooter Third Person Comedy Gore Violent Great Soundtrack Difficult Psychological Horror Singleplayer Open World
1938090 The Call of Duty® experience supports Call of Duty®: Black Ops 6, Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® III, Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® II and Call of Duty®: Warzone™. The Call of Duty® experience supports Call of Duty®: Black Ops 6, Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® III, Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® II and Call of Duty®: Warzone™. Call of Duty®: Black Ops 6 is signature Black Ops across a cinematic single-player Campaign, a best-in-class Multiplayer experience and with the epic return of Round-Based Zombies. Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® III is the direct sequel to the record-breaking Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® II. Captain Price and Task Force 141 face off against the ultimate threat. The ultranationalist war criminal Vladimir Makarov is extending his grasp across the world causing Task Force 141 to fight like never before. Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® II drops players into an unprecedented global conflict that features the return of the iconic Operators of Task Force 141. Call of Duty®: Warzone™ is the massive free-to-play combat arena, featuring Battle Royale and Resurgence. Call of Duty® Points (CP) are the in-game currency that can be used in Black Ops 6, Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® III, Modern Warfare® II, and Warzone™ to obtain new content. Call of Duty®: Black Ops 6, Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® III, Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® II or Call of Duty®: Warzone™ game required, sold / downloaded separately. CP purchased may also be used to obtain in-game content in certain Call of Duty® games with CP functionality enabled*. Each game sold separately. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Captions available', 'In-App Purchases'] FPS Multiplayer Shooter Singleplayer Action Military First-Person War Modern Tactical Violent Co-op Realistic Story Rich Atmospheric Mature Online Co-Op Gore Third-Person Shooter Third Person
2358720 Black Myth: Wukong is an action RPG rooted in Chinese mythology. You shall set out as the Destined One to venture into the challenges and marvels ahead, to uncover the obscured truth beneath the veil of a glorious legend from the past. Digital Deluxe Edition The Black Myth: Wukong Digital Deluxe Edition includes: - Black Myth: Wukong Full Game - Weapon: Bronzecloud Staff - Equipment: Folk Opera Mask, Folk Opera Almsgiving Armor, Folk Opera Leather Bracers, and Folk Opera Buskins - Curio: Wind Chimes - Selected Digital Soundtrack ※ The included weapon, equipment, and curio can be claimed from the Trailblazer's Gift menu at the Keeper's Shrine (Respawn Point) during the early stages of the game. ※ By activating 'Music Library' on the game's Title Screen, or downloading 'Black Myth: Wukong Soundtrack Selection' through the platform, you can enjoy a curated list of tracks from the game. We highly recommend that you first experience these pieces as you journey through the game as the Destined One, then return here to relive them to your heart's content. About the Game Black Myth: Wukong is an action RPG rooted in Chinese mythology. The story is based on Journey to the West, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. You shall set out as the Destined One to venture into the challenges and marvels ahead, to uncover the obscured truth beneath the veil of a glorious legend from the past. • Explore a Land of Vast Wonders 'A world unseen, where wonders gleam, And with each stride, a new scene streams.' Enter a fascinating realm filled with the wonders and discoveries of ancient Chinese mythology! As the Destined One, you shall traverse an array of breathtaking and distinctive landscapes from the classic tale, composing an epic of adventure that is seen anew. • Confront Mighty Foes, Old and New 'Heroic Monkey, might and fame, Adversaries rise, to test his name.' One of the major highlights of Journey to the West is its diverse cast of adversaries, each with their unique strengths. As the Destined One, you will encounter powerful foes and worthy rivals throughout your journey. Fearlessly engage them in epic battles where surrender is not an option. • Temper Your Mastery of Varied Spells 'Spells unbound, talents in play, Unleashed abilities seize the day.' Spells, transformations, and magic vessels of all manifestations, in which some counteract while others amplify, have long been iconic combat elements of Chinese mythology. As the Destined One, aside from mastering various staff techniques, you can also freely combine different spells, abilities, weapons, and equipment to find a winning strategy that best suits your combat style. • Discover Heartfelt Tales Behind Every Facade 'Within all souls, both wild and tame, There thrives a tale of life's fierce flame.' Beneath the ferocity and craftiness of your foes lies an engaging tapestry of their origins, personalities, and motivations waiting to be revealed. As the Destined One, you will uncover the stories behind a variety of characters, delving beyond your battles with them to taste the love, hate, greed, and fury they once held and still carry within. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Mythology Action RPG Action Souls-like RPG Combat Story Rich Singleplayer Action-Adventure Drama Dark Fantasy Atmospheric Adventure 3D Fantasy Hack and Slash Third Person Difficult Music Violent
304930 You're a survivor in the zombie infested ruins of society, and must work with your friends and forge alliances to remain among the living. STAY UNTURNED You're one of the few not yet turned zombie. Keeping it that way will be a challenge. Go in guns blazing and attract the attention of everything, living and dead. Take a subtle approach sneaking around and making use of distractions. Confront and learn to counter special abilities ranging from invisibility to fire breathing to lightning attacks. STRUGGLE AGAINST NATURE Zombies aside nature does plenty to make life hard. Forage wild fruits and vegetables. Hunt animals for pelts and meat, or in some hostile environments become the prey. Fish for food and garbage. Plant a crop and make sure it gets rain. Seek warmth and take shelter from blizzards. DEAL WITH OTHER PLAYERS Friend or foe there's a lot of interesting people online. Arrest bandits with handcuffs and blindfold them as a non-lethal strategy. Fight with every kind of weapon under the sun - swords, machine guns, snipers, missiles, landmines - you name it. Raid enemy encampments using charges and detonators and steal their loot. For pure PvP play arena mode in a last man standing battle to the death, or PvE for peaceful cooperation. Roleplay servers encourage everyone to stay in character and tell a story together. HELP THE NEW SOCIETY Plenty to do even if you're offline or going solo. Meet, talk and trade with NPCs. Complete quests to aid NPCs and progress the story. Fend off waves of the undead to clear hordes. Secure airdropped supplies. Gear up with gasmasks to scout radioactive deadzones. FORTIFY YOUR STRONGHOLD Somewhere to kick back and chillax or a hideout to direct your gang, whatever floats your boat (in this case sometimes literally). Build with barricades, furniture, traps, machinery and more. Board up the windows of existing structures to survive the night. Craft an entirely new structure from supplies you collect. Turn your vehicle into a moving fortress by building on it. TRAVEL BY LAND, AIR AND SEA Roll out in style with a fully stocked garage. Land vehicles including tanks, quads and snowmobiles. Air vehicles from helicopters to seaplanes to fighter jets. Sea vehicles such as jetskis and hovercraft. Maintain your vehicles with tires, batteries and fuel. EXPLORE MASSIVE WORLDS With 5 officially developed and 1 curated community created sandbox map there's a wide variety of locations to discover: Prince Edward Island (PEI) The Yukon Washington Russia Hawaii Germany MOD EVERYTHING From the ground up Unturned was designed for modding. Download player created content ranging from guns to vehicles to huge levels from the workshop, and upload your own. Build custom maps using the in-game level editor. All of the official maps were created with the same free public tools and their assets are open for you to use. Write plugins using built-in or strong third party systems. Get your apparel and skins upvoted in the workshop for consideration to be accepted and sold. Team up with other modders and put together your own update for consideration to be officially adopted. NEAT STUFF I think these features are neat and they didn't fit anywhere else. There's many more I want to include but for brevity's sake: Most objects can be destroyed to create new pathways. For immersion you can pick a frequency and use two-way radios to communicate with your squad rather than external voice chat programs. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'LAN PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'In-App Purchases', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Stats', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] Free to Play Survival Zombies Multiplayer Open World Co-op Sandbox Crafting Shooter Adventure Post-apocalyptic First-Person Singleplayer Looter Shooter FPS Action Massively Multiplayer Indie Atmospheric Casual
271590 Grand Theft Auto V for PC offers players the option to explore the award-winning world of Los Santos and Blaine County in resolutions of up to 4k and beyond, as well as the chance to experience the game running at 60 frames per second. When a young street hustler, a retired bank robber and a terrifying psychopath find themselves entangled with some of the most frightening and deranged elements of the criminal underworld, the U.S. government and the entertainment industry, they must pull off a series of dangerous heists to survive in a ruthless city in which they can trust nobody, least of all each other. Grand Theft Auto V for PC offers players the option to explore the award-winning world of Los Santos and Blaine County in resolutions of up to 4k and beyond, as well as the chance to experience the game running at 60 frames per second. The game offers players a huge range of PC-specific customization options, including over 25 separate configurable settings for texture quality, shaders, tessellation, anti-aliasing and more, as well as support and extensive customization for mouse and keyboard controls. Additional options include a population density slider to control car and pedestrian traffic, as well as dual and triple monitor support, 3D compatibility, and plug-and-play controller support. Grand Theft Auto V for PC also includes Grand Theft Auto Online, with support for 30 players and two spectators. Grand Theft Auto Online for PC will include all existing gameplay upgrades and Rockstar-created content released since the launch of Grand Theft Auto Online, including Heists and Adversary modes. The PC version of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online features First Person Mode, giving players the chance to explore the incredibly detailed world of Los Santos and Blaine County in an entirely new way. Grand Theft Auto V for PC also brings the debut of the Rockstar Editor, a powerful suite of creative tools to quickly and easily capture, edit and share game footage from within Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. The Rockstar Editor’s Director Mode allows players the ability to stage their own scenes using prominent story characters, pedestrians, and even animals to bring their vision to life. Along with advanced camera manipulation and editing effects including fast and slow motion, and an array of camera filters, players can add their own music using songs from GTAV radio stations, or dynamically control the intensity of the game’s score. Completed videos can be uploaded directly from the Rockstar Editor to YouTube and the Rockstar Games Social Club for easy sharing. Soundtrack artists The Alchemist and Oh No return as hosts of the new radio station, The Lab FM. The station features new and exclusive music from the production duo based on and inspired by the game’s original soundtrack. Collaborating guest artists include Earl Sweatshirt, Freddie Gibbs, Little Dragon, Killer Mike, Sam Herring from Future Islands, and more. Players can also discover Los Santos and Blaine County while enjoying their own music through Self Radio, a new radio station that will host player-created custom soundtracks. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV'] Open World Action Multiplayer Crime Automobile Sim Third Person First-Person Mature Shooter Adventure Singleplayer Third-Person Shooter Racing Co-op Sandbox Atmospheric Funny Great Soundtrack Comedy Moddable
1599340 Embark on an odyssey for the Lost Ark in a vast, vibrant world: explore new lands, seek out lost treasures, and test yourself in thrilling action combat in this action-packed free-to-play RPG. Embark on an odyssey for the Lost Ark in a vast, vibrant world: explore new lands, seek out lost treasures, and test yourself in thrilling action combat. Define your fighting style with your class and advanced class, and customize your skills, weapons, and gear to bring your might to bear as you fight against hordes of enemies, colossal bosses, and dark forces seeking the power of the Ark in this action-packed free-to-play RPG. Discover a World Brimming with Adventure Explore seven vast, varied continents and the seas between them to find vibrant cultures, strange and fantastical beasts, and all the unexpected marvels waiting to be discovered. Delve into the secrets of Arkesia, prove your might in battles and raids, compete against other players in PvP, travel to distant islands in search of hidden riches, face packs of enemies and colossal bosses in the open world, and more. Your Odyssey Awaits Splash into massively satisfying ARPG-style combat and progression as you quest, raid, and fight on the scope of an MMO. Whether you want to play solo, in groups with friends, or matched up with other adventurers in the world, there’s an epic adventure waiting for you. Fight in the open world or delve into chaos dungeons, go head-to-head in expert PvP duels, test your mettle on epic quests, raid against bosses big and small, and hold your own in the fight against the Demon Legion to reclaim the power and light of the Lost Ark. Define Your Fight Lost Ark offers easy-to-learn features with unexpected depth and room for customization. Hit the ground running with pick-up-and-play action then take control of your combat with the unique Tripod system. Unlock three tiers of customization for each of your abilities, giving you powerful control of exactly how you fight. Lost Ark’s ever-expanding roster of iconic classes—each with their own distinct advanced classes—offers plenty of room to explore until you find the combat style that’s just right for you. The same goes for other features: as you continue your journey, you’ll find non-combat skills, crafting, guilds and social systems, and other rich features that bring the world alive. Whether you want to skim along the surface or dive deep into the details is up to you. ACCESSIBILITY FEATURES: Personalize your adventure with accessibility settings before game play. Enable numerous options including chat text enlargement, color blindness filters, photosensitivity mode, toggleable camera shake, and subtitle settings to create your optimal experience. Define your audio preferences with settings for volume controls, mono sound, stereo sound, and surround sound. You can also adjust game inputs via input remapping options and mouse/keyboard control settings. Lastly, define game inputs via input remapping options, and make sure no message is missed with chat text-to-speech and speech-to-text. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support'] MMORPG Free to Play Action RPG Multiplayer Hack and Slash Character Customization RPG Massively Multiplayer Action Sexual Content Adventure PvE Fantasy PvP Isometric Online Co-Op Class-Based Singleplayer Violent Gore
578080 Play PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS for free. Land on strategic locations, loot weapons and supplies, and survive to become the last team standing across various, diverse Battlegrounds. Squad up and join the Battlegrounds for the original Battle Royale experience that only PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS can offer. LAND, LOOT, SURVIVE! Play PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS for free. Land on strategic locations, loot weapons and supplies, and survive to become the last team standing across various, diverse Battlegrounds. Squad up and join the Battlegrounds for the original Battle Royale experience that only PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS can offer. This content download will also provide access to the BATTLEGROUNDS Test Server, which requires a separate download to play. Optional in-game purchases available. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Stats', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] Survival Shooter Battle Royale Multiplayer FPS PvP Third-Person Shooter Action Online Co-Op Tactical Co-op First-Person Strategy Early Access Competitive Third Person Team-Based Difficult Simulation Stealth
233450 Only the world’s most ruthless Warden can contain the world’s most ruthless inmates. Design and develop your personalized penitentiary in Prison Architect. Welcome Wardens! Only the world’s most ruthless Warden can contain the world’s most ruthless inmates. Design and develop your personalized penitentiary in Prison Architect. Key Features: Customized Confinement Allocate resources to optimize your compound, but don’t restrict the flow of the crowd lest you encounter a flood, fire, fight, or full-blown riot. Invest and Innovate Tap federal money with grant applications &amp; direct your funds to combat disease, gang activity, litigation, and more! Management and Muscle Ensure your prison is *mostly* ethical and safe with top-notch staff including armed guards, psychologists, doctors, lawyers and snitches. Detention by Design Each prisoner’s criminal history requires custom treatment programs, labor schedules, and reform workshops. Lockdown Showdown Attempt a high-stakes escape of your own supermax prison in Escape Mode, or try Online mode to test one of 12,000 player-created prisons. Expand your empire limitlessly in Sandbox mode. ['Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Includes level editor', 'Family Sharing'] Simulation Building Sandbox Base-Building Colony Sim Strategy Management City Builder 2D Top-Down Multiplayer Resource Management Economy Singleplayer Moddable Capitalism Funny Replay Value Indie Casual
1229490 ULTRAKILL is a fast-paced ultraviolent retro FPS combining the skill-based style scoring from character action games with unadulterated carnage inspired by the best shooters of the '90s. Rip apart your foes with varied destructive weapons and shower in their blood to regain your health. ULTRAKILL is a fast-paced ultraviolent old school FPS that fuses together classic shooters like Quake , modern shooters like Doom (2016) and character action games like Devil May Cry . Mankind has gone extinct and the only beings left on earth are machines fueled by blood . But now that blood is starting to run out on the surface... Machines are racing to the depths of Hell in search of more. Use your many movement abilities to stay mobile and avoid the relentless attacks of the dead, demons and other machines. Destroy them with an arsenal of incredibly powerful weapons, each with multiple available variations. Soak yourself in their blood to regain health and keep fighting. Kill fast and with SSStyle to rack up combos and gain points that can be used on weapon variations between missions. Master the many levels to achieve high ranks and take on unique optional challenges. Explore the varied and unique campaign environments inspired by Dante's Inferno to find plentiful hidden secrets ['Action', 'Indie', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Boomer Shooter Fast-Paced FPS Blood Character Action Game Arena Shooter Spectacle fighter Retro Singleplayer Shooter Difficult First-Person Great Soundtrack Action Score Attack Colorful Robots Cyberpunk Old School Early Access
268910 Cuphead is a classic run and gun action game heavily focused on boss battles. Inspired by cartoons of the 1930s, the visuals and audio are painstakingly created with the same techniques of the era, i.e. traditional hand drawn cel animation, watercolor backgrounds, and original jazz recordings. Cuphead is a classic run and gun action game heavily focused on boss battles. Inspired by cartoons of the 1930s, the visuals and audio are painstakingly created with the same techniques of the era, i.e. traditional hand drawn cel animation, watercolor backgrounds, and original jazz recordings. Play as Cuphead or Mugman (in single player or local co-op) as you traverse strange worlds, acquire new weapons, learn powerful super moves, and discover hidden secrets while you try to pay your debt back to the devil! ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Difficult Cartoon Co-op Platformer Great Soundtrack Local Co-Op 2D Hand-drawn Multiplayer Indie Retro Cartoony Bullet Hell Action Shoot 'Em Up Singleplayer Side Scroller Colorful Funny Souls-like
225840 Sven Co-op is a co-operative game originally based around Valve Software's Half-Life. In this game players must work together against computer controlled enemies and solve puzzles as a team. Sven Co-op is a co-operative game originally based around Valve Software's Half-Life. In this game players must work together against computer controlled enemies and solve puzzles as a team. While Sven Co-op is similar to Half-Life with similar weapons, monsters, and characters, the difficulty has been increased to suit team play. Sven Co-op's levels are set as missions and are generally separate from each other. Many missions span several maps and some are collected together in a series. The aim of most levels is to reach the end or to achieve an objective -- obtaining a high score is not essential to beat a level, it's just part of the fun. ['Action', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled'] Co-op FPS Online Co-Op Shooter Shoot 'Em Up 1990's Retro Team-Based Casual PvE First-Person Free to Play 3D Third Person Action Conversation Puzzle Survival Moddable Multiplayer
203160 Tomb Raider explores the intense origin story of Lara Croft and her ascent from a young woman to a hardened survivor. Reviews and Accolades 4.4/5 '...it delivers a must-play gaming experience for action adventure fans everywhere. Welcome back, Lara, you've been missed.' - Cheat Code Central 4.5/5 '...Tomb Raider is sure to impress. Its expert sense of pacing, captivating setting, and dark tone create a truly memorable experience that's further enhanced by an immense level of detail.' - gamesradar+ 8.5/10 'I'm happy to go on record as saying this is the best Tomb Raider game I've played. Tightly produced, competent in both its puzzling and its combat, this is one reboot that manages to be unequivocally superior to its predecessors. ' - Destructoid 4.5/10 '... if you're a gamer, you should play Tomb Raider. It combines high-levels of interactivity, excellent pacing, and a true bond between the player and the character on screen. ' - Game Revolution 90/100 'Tomb Raider’s whole is greater than the sum of its parts, and everything combines to make this the best reboot game on the market today. ' - Game Over Tomb Raider Game of the Year Edition Tomb Raider is a critically acclaimed action adventure that explores the intense and gritty origin story of Lara Croft and her ascent from a young woman to a hardened survivor. Armed only with raw instincts and the ability to push beyond the limits of human endurance, Lara must fight to unravel the dark history of a forgotten island to escape its relentless hold. The Game of the Year edition includes the Tomb of the Lost Adventurer, 6 single player outfits for Lara, 8 multiplayer maps, and 4 characters. About the Game Tomb Raider explores the intense and gritty origin story of Lara Croft and her ascent from a young woman to a hardened survivor. Armed only with raw instincts and the ability to push beyond the limits of human endurance, Lara must fight to unravel the dark history of a forgotten island to escape its relentless hold. Download the Turning Point trailer to see the beginning of Lara’s epic adventure. KEY FEATURES: A Turning Point: Experience Lara Croft’s intense origin story from a young woman to a hardened survivor. An All-New Raiding Experience: Explore a mysterious island filled with environmental puzzles, visceral combat, and tombs to discover. Fight to Live: Salvage resources, gain experience, and upgrade Lara’s weapons and tools to survive the island’s hostile inhabitants. Survive as a Team: Play a variety of multiplayer modes as Lara’s Shipmates or Yamatai’s Scavengers. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Adventure Action Female Protagonist Third Person Singleplayer Story Rich Third-Person Shooter Multiplayer Exploration Action-Adventure Quick-Time Events Atmospheric Shooter Puzzle Stealth Cinematic Platformer RPG Reboot 3D Vision
646570 We fused card games and roguelikes together to make the best single player deckbuilder we could. Craft a unique deck, encounter bizarre creatures, discover relics of immense power, and Slay the Spire! We fused card games and roguelikes together to make the best single player deckbuilder we could. Craft a unique deck, encounter bizarre creatures, discover relics of immense power, and Slay the Spire! Features Dynamic Deck Building : Choose your cards wisely! Discover hundreds of cards to add to your deck with each attempt at climbing the Spire. Select cards that work together to efficiently dispatch foes and reach the top. An Ever-changing Spire : Whenever you embark on a journey up the Spire, the layout differs each time. Choose a risky or safe path, face different enemies, choose different cards, discover different relics, and even fight different bosses! Powerful Relics to Discover : Powerful items known as relics can be found throughout the Spire. The effects of these relics can greatly enhance your deck through powerful interactions. But beware, obtaining a relic may cost you more than just gold... Slay the Spire left Early Access and comes with: Four characters that each have their own unique set of cards. 350+ fully implemented cards. 200+ different items to be found. 50+ unique combat encounters. 50+ mysterious events that can help or harm you. Daily Climbs allow you to compare yourself with every other player in the world. Custom mode that allows mixing and matching various crazy run modifiers. ['Indie', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Stats', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Roguelike Deckbuilder Card Game Card Battler Rogue-like Deckbuilding Turn-Based Strategy Singleplayer Rogue-lite Replay Value Indie Difficult Dungeon Crawler RPG Mouse only 2D Great Soundtrack Procedural Generation Fantasy Casual
333930 Work together or die alone! Fight to restore peace to London or tear it down for profit in the most challenging team based shooter around. Update Notes DIRTY BOMB GOES FREE To help us celebrate several years of Dirty Bomb we wanted everyone to be able to get their hands on Weapon Skins, on existing Obsidians, and on Mercs without spending real money. To that end, we’ve removed RADs from the game entirely. For those of you with RADs they have been converted to Credits, which can also be earned in-game. UPDATED CREDIT EARN RATE To make sure you guys earn whatever you want more quickly, we’ve upped the Credit earn rates from 19 per minute to around 70 per minute, but this varies based on player performance. You'll find Credit Boosters in Advancement Crates to boost this rate. Players can also earn thousands of Credits by completing Contracts and getting their Daily Play Rewards. ITEM COSTS So how much does stuff cost, you ask? Let’s take a look: Loadout Cases Loadout Case – 5,000 5 Loadout Cases – 25,000 10 Loadout Cases – 50,000 Crafting Bronze Loadout Card – 1,500 Silver Loadout Card – 5,000 Silver Loadout Card (Weapon Select) – 15,000 Gold Loadout Card – 25,000 Gold Loadout Card (Weapon Select) – 75,000 Cobalt Loadout Card – 50,000 Cobalt Loadout Card (Weapon Select) – 150,000 Weapon Cases Weapon Case Key – 14,500 Unlocked ALICE Mk 1 – 25,000 Unlocked Aquila Mk 1 – 25,000 Unlocked CoreSEC Mk 1 – 25,000 Unlocked Royal Force Mk 1 – 25,000 Merc Loadouts Bronze Loadout Card – 17,500 STREAM TRADING UPDATE Steam Trading has now been enabled for even more items in Dirty Bomb! We know you’ve all been asking for it, so we made it a priority for this build. Now all Loadout and Weapon Cards are tradable. REINTRODUCTION OF BACK CATALOGUE ITEMS We went back and looked through some of the amazing (and not so amazing – looking at you Dapper Doge) content we’ve made for Dirty Bomb that’s no longer available. We’re incredibly proud of the work we’ve done, and with the removal of real money purchases, we thought that now would be the perfect time to reintroduce some of the most popular stuff. Some of the Cases and Trinket text still refers to the events from which they came, but are no longer active. Obsidian Operatives Fletcher – 60,000 Phoenix – 60,000 Stoker – 60,000 Aimee – 75,000 Arty – 75,000 Aura – 75,000 Phantom – 75,000 Proxy – 75,000 Skyhammer – 75,000 Cases – 50,000 Credits Ghostclip Event Case Jackal’s Eve Event Case Containment War Event Case Dickens Event Case Final Assault Event Case Nuclear Winter Event Case Shell Shock Event Case Rogue en Vogue Week 1 Case Rogue en Vogue Week 2 Case Rogue en Vogue Week 3 Case Rogue en Vogue Week 4 Case Trinkets – 10,000 Credits Ice Coal’d Spamtrap Trinkets – 15,000 Credits Lump o’ Coal (Coaly) Antivirus Penny Frogging Football Trinkets – 20,000 Credits Illuminatree Firewall Olde Flashlight Trinkets – 25,000 Credits Warm Snowman Mine Sweeper (Proxy) Arty Marley (Arty) Angel of Ire (Sparks) Skullsplitter Dapper Doge Hexadic Trinket Specter Trinket Trophy Trinket About the Game Dirty Bomb takes first person shooters back to their purest roots in a fast-paced team game that will challenge even the most competent players. This game won’t hold your hand, in fact it is more likely to kick your teeth in. With no controller support or aim assist, all that lies between you and certain death is player skill and reaction. Work together or die alone in the most challenging team-based FPS. A string of 'dirty bomb' attacks cripple London, leaving the Central Disaster Authority to restore it. When criminal syndicate Jackal begin disrupting and stealing their technology, the capital is thrown into chaos as mercenaries from across the globe are hired by both sides. That's where you come in. After all, what’s a little radiation sickness when there’s money to be made? Features: Fast-paced, highly competitive teamplay that takes the shooter back to its purest roots Over 20 distinct Mercenaries, each bursting with their own abilities, attributes and expletives Two game-modes: Objective – Battle through parts of the city, completing objectives to reach the finale before time runs out Stopwatch – Objective mode for competitive types, where teams swap sides mid-match to see who's faster ['Action', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases'] Hero Shooter Free to Play FPS Multiplayer Shooter Action Team-Based First-Person Fast-Paced Co-op PvP Class-Based Competitive Massively Multiplayer Parkour Post-apocalyptic Controller Singleplayer Open World Gore
12210 Niko Bellic, Johnny Klebitz and Luis Lopez all have one thing in common - they live in the worst city in America. Liberty City worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them and a living nightmare for those who don't. Important Updates To Grand Theft Auto IV and Episodes from Liberty City We are making a number of changes to make sure players who own Grand Theft Auto IV and GTA: Episodes from Liberty City can continue to enjoy these games. New Players Starting 03/19/2020, Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition will replace both Grand Theft Auto IV and Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City wherever it is currently digitally available. Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition will as also be available via the Rockstar Games Launcher. Current game save files will be compatible with Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition. As a result of this update the following services will no longer be available in Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition : Games for Windows Live Multiplayer mode Leaderboards The following Radio Stations will be temporarily unavailable in Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition RamJam FM, Self-Actualization FM, and Vice City FM (previously available in Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City) Note: Because Japanese is a supported language for Grand Theft Auto IV, but is not supported for Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City, players will continue to be able to play Grand Theft Auto IV with Japanese sub-titles but will need to select another language in order to play Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City. Current Players Players who have previously installed and played Grand Theft Auto IV or Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City will be able to update their copy to Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition through the following means: Steam Users Depending on the game, players on Steam will need to install or update their current game: Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City will be removed and replaced with GTAIV: Complete Edition in the launcher library. Update file size is expected to be approximately 22GB Grand Theft Auto IV owners will download content from Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City and their game will update to GTAIV: Complete Edition. Update file size is expected to be approximately 6GB Physical Media Games not previously activated using Games for Windows Live will be able to use the Key on the back of the game manual to activate and update to Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition Games for Windows Live Digital Store Purchases Games previously activated using Games for Windows Live will require players to create and/or link their Social Club accounts in replacement of Games for Windows Live to update to Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition Note: New activations from players trying to install current copies of Grand Theft Auto IV may be disrupted until Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition is available. All users will need to be connected to the internet and authenticate their copy of the game. About the Game Niko Bellic, Johnny Klebitz, and Luis Lopez all have one thing in common – they live in the worst city in America. Liberty City worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them and a living nightmare for those who don’t. Niko is looking to escape his past and make a new life for himself in the land of opportunity. Johnny, a veteran member of The Lost biker gang, is caught in the middle of a vicious turf war with rival gangs for control of the city. Luis, part-time hoodlum and full-time assistant to legendary nightclub impresario Tony Prince (a.k.a. “Gay Tony”), is struggling with the competing loyalties of family and friends in a world in which everyone has a price. Their lives cross paths with devastating consequences as they fight to survive in a city torn apart by violence and corruption. The Complete Edition includes Grand Theft Auto IV and the Episodes – The Lost and Damned &amp; The Ballad of Gay Tony. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] Open World Action Automobile Sim Crime Multiplayer Third Person Adventure Singleplayer Third-Person Shooter Moddable Sandbox Shooter Physics Atmospheric Classic Funny Dark Humor Gore Satire Co-op
588650 Dead Cells is a roguelite, metroidvania inspired, action-platformer. You'll explore a sprawling, ever-changing castle... assuming you’re able to fight your way past its keepers in 2D souls-lite combat. No checkpoints. Kill, die, learn, repeat. Dead Cells is a roguelite, metroidvania inspired, action-platformer. You'll explore a sprawling, ever-changing castle... assuming you’re able to fight your way past its keepers in 2D souls-lite combat. No checkpoints. Kill, die, learn, repeat. Dead Cells puts you in control of a failed alchemic experiment trying to figure out what's happening on a sprawling, ever-changing and seemingly cursed Island. Immortal but crippled, your last resort is to take over bodies in order to move, explore… and fight. While you may well be immortal, the corpses you possess are not. Each time your host is destroyed, you will be sent back to the dungeon to find yourself a new one and start again... Experience a Roguevania, mixing an interconnected world, branching paths and unlockable skills with the constant adrenaline-pumping threat of permadeath. No checkpoints. You either vanquish the final boss in one go or you try again. However, you keep some of your progress for successive runs new paths you’ve unlocked, access to new levels, mutations, abilities and weapons. Tough but fair combat, responsive controls, challenging foes, and of course, the emergency panic roll to get you out of trouble make for a visceral and cathartic action game. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Adventure Action Roguelike Pixel Graphics Metroidvania Rogue-like 2D Souls-like Rogue-lite Difficult Replay Value Hack and Slash Platformer Singleplayer Roguevania Action Dark Fantasy Atmospheric Procedural Generation Funny Indie
518790 Discover an atmospheric hunting game like no other in this realistic, stunning open world – regularly updated in collaboration with the community. Immerse yourself in the single player campaign, or share the ultimate hunting experience with friends. Join our Discord About the Game Discover an atmospheric hunting game like no other in this realistic, stunning open world – regularly updated in collaboration with the community. Immerse yourself in the single player campaign, or share the ultimate hunting experience with friends. Roam freely across meticulously crafted environments and explore a diverse range of regions and biomes, each with its own unique flora and fauna. Experience the intricacies of complex animal behavior, dynamic weather events, full day and night cycles, simulated ballistics, highly realistic acoustics, and scents carried by the wind. Select from a variety of weapons, ammunition, and equipment to create the ultimate hunting experience. With a diverse range of wildlife, including Jackrabbits, Mallard Ducks, Black Bears, Elk, and Moose, you will need to strategically match prey to weaponry to successfully track, lure, and ambush animals based on their unique behavior and environment. Developed in close collaboration with the community, theHunter: Call of the Wild offers a wealth of paid and free content, including reserves, hunting equipment, weapon packs, and trophy lodges. With new content and updates regularly added, players can look forward to a constantly evolving experience. Every hunt has a unique story to tell. Immortalize your tales of triumph from the Layton Lake and Hirschfelden reserves by displaying your most prized trophies in your spacious Trophy Lodge, or relax by the fireplace as you plan your next hunt. Experience online multiplayer for up to eight players in breathtaking hunting reserves. Collaborate and strategize with friends, or compete to take down the most impressive trophy. You can access any paid DLC reserve as long as one member of your hunting party owns it. ['Adventure', 'Simulation', 'Sports'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'In-App Purchases', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Hunting Open World Multiplayer Nature Relaxing Stealth FPS Sandbox Survival Simulation Realistic Online Co-Op First-Person Co-op America Walking Simulator Immersive Sim Shooter Sports Controller
397900 'Business Tour' is a free to play multiplayer tabletop game. Build your monopoly with friends. Complete daily tasks, compete against the other players and receive trade items rewards! 'Business Tour' simple and entertaining gameplay allows you to come up with many interesting strategies, come to agreements with your rivals and even enter into conspiracies against other players. Apart from that, the game helps you to reveal your inner entrepreneurial qualities. For precisely this reason, children and adults alike can enjoy this game equally. 'Business Tour' allows you to play a classic tabletop game online with your friends. The main advantage of 'Business Tour' is that it's easy to learn to play, but that doesn't mean it's easy to win. You'll have to use all your bravery and business acumen to defeat real opponents. Difficulty and unpredictability make the classic table-top game more interesting, and the gameplay more diverse. Key features: Online multiplayer mode, 2-4 players Online 2x2 mode Offline mode with bots Offline playing with others via one or more screens Invite friends to play at the same table Leaderboards Tournament mode ['Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'Simulation', 'Strategy', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Shared/Split Screen PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'In-App Purchases', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play Together'] Board Game Free to Play Multiplayer Strategy Casual Massively Multiplayer Indie Co-op Capitalism Online Co-Op Funny Management Family Friendly Adventure Singleplayer Trading Simulation Tabletop Psychological Horror Comedy
534380 Humanity is fighting a losing battle against the virus. Experience a post-apocalyptic open world overrun by hordes of zombies, where your parkour and combat skills are key to survival. Traverse the City freely during the day, but watch the monsters take over during the night. DYING LIGHT: THE BEAST Been eagerly anticipating info on DLC2 for Dying Light 2 Stay Human? Get ready for Dying Light: The Beast, a new thrilling standalone zombie adventure!* Kyle Crane, the protagonist of Dying Light and the Dying Light: The Following expansion is back and ready to be the hero once again! For more information, check out the dedicated product page and wishlist the game today to keep updated! *Dying Light: The Beast will be available for no extra charge for owners of the Ultimate Edition of Dying Light 2 Stay Human. About the Game It’s been 20 years since the events of the original game. The virus won, and humanity is slowly dying. You play as Aiden Caldwell, a wandering Pilgrim who delivers goods, brings news, and connects the few remaining survivor settlements in barren lands devastated by the zombie virus. However, your true goal is to find your little sister Mia, who you left behind as a kid to escape Dr. Waltz's torturous experiments. Haunted by the past, you eventually make the decision to confront it when you learn that Mia may still be alive in Villedor — the last city standing on Earth. You quickly find yourself in a settlement torn by conflict. You’ll need to engage in creative and gory combat, so hone your skills to defeat hordes of zombies and make allies. Roam the city, free run across Villedor’s buildings and rooftops in search of loot in remote areas, and be wary of the night. With every sunset, monsters take control of the streets. Fifteen years ago, humanity was devastated by the Fall — a catastrophic event that would change the world forever. With the Harran virus spreading around the globe, people quickly found out that all hope for tomorrow is lost. By 2036, only a few settlements remain, and humanity is slowly dying, making way for the new species out there — a horde of relentless zombies. Welcome to Villedor, one of the last bastions of humanity. During the day, survivors still try to have a life here and find a false sense of normalcy. Relationships are formed, dreams are dreamed, and life carries on. On the surface, everything seems… fine. Until sunset, that is. With the last ray of light dying out, other, more dreadful, dwellers of The City crawl out of their gloomy interiors, taking over the streets. If you are not vigilant and stay out too long in the dark, you may never return. Not all fights can be won. Sometimes it’s best to run and, thankfully, you have the skills for it. Parkour lets you escape when odds are not in your favor. Jump from rooftop to rooftop, swing across the cityscape, ride ziplines, and much more. Whatever you do, experience a unique sense of freedom as you freerun across Villedor’s buildings and rooftops in search of loot or while running away from the dangers of the night. In a world as dangerous as this one, only the strongest survive. Whether you prefer to smash, slice or dismember those who stand in your way, you have to be creative about it to make it through. And who says you need weapons? Utilize the entirety of your parkour moveset to get the jump on your enemies. Learn the ways of combat and parkour to feel the crunch of skulls and slices of flesh as you swing weapons or use your moves to fend off any forms of danger. And let’s not forget that Villedor has weapons that put the most advanced post-apocalyptic armories to shame. Surviving in Villedor is easier with friends. Team up with up to 3 other players and increase your chances out there. Unravel the story together, take on Pilgrim Outpost challenges, or simply wreak havoc on the city streets. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Open World Co-op Zombies Parkour Multiplayer Horror Gore Combat Post-apocalyptic Exploration First-Person Survival Action RPG Singleplayer Action Adventure Action-Adventure Violent Multiple Endings Choices Matter
206420 Experience the insane antics of Saints Row IV. The Saints have gone from the Penthouse to the White House - but Earth has been invaded and it’s up to you to save it with an arsenal of superpowers and strange weapons, in the wildest open world game ever. Fully Re-Elected – Saints Row IV Re-Elected contains an impressive 25 DLC Packs, including the Dubstep Gun (Remix) Pack, the Presidential Pack, the Commander-In-Chief Pack, and two celebrated episodic story expansions: Enter The Dominatrix and How The Saints Save Christmas. The Boss of the Saints has been elected to the Presidency of the United States but the Saints are just getting started. After a catastrophic alien invasion of Earth, the Saints have been transported to a bizarro-Steelport simulation. With homies new and old, and an arsenal of superpowers and strange weapons, they must fight to free humanity from alien overlord Zinyak and his alien empire, saving the world in the wildest open world game ever. The American Dream – Play as the President of the United States in a wild story that spans countries, time, and space. It’s up to you to free the world. Super Hero-in-Chief – Leap over buildings. Kill people with your mind. Run through tanks. Those are just some of the powers on offer that you can wield in your quest. Alien Toys of Destruction - Wield an impressive array of alien vehicles and weapons - the Inflato-Ray, the Polarizer, the Disintegrator, and many more. Custom Weapons, Custom Mayhem – You’ve customized your character. You’ve customized your clothes. Now you also have a powerful weapon customization system. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Open World Action Comedy Co-op Third-Person Shooter Superhero Character Customization Sandbox Funny Third Person Adventure Online Co-Op Aliens Parody Multiplayer Singleplayer Great Soundtrack Sci-fi Dark Humor Female Protagonist
300 Valve's WWII Multiplayer Classic - Now available for Mac. Day of Defeat offers intense online action gameplay set in Europe during WWII. Assume the role of infantry, sniper or machine-gunner classes, and more. DoD:S features enhanced graphics and sounds design to leverage the power of Source, Valve's new engine technology. ['Action'] ['Multi-player', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Stats', 'Includes Source SDK', 'Family Sharing'] FPS World War II Multiplayer Action Shooter Military War Team-Based First-Person Historical Class-Based Classic Tactical Realistic Online Co-Op Gore Strategy Massively Multiplayer Simulation Violent
224260 The chances of you surviving this all out war of society and the undead are slim to none. Already, there are millions of the walking dead shambling about, searching for food to eat. There's no known cure. One bite can possibly end it all for you. However, you aren't alone in this nightmare. CHECK OUT NMRIH2 Just Updated Now with Steam Workshop! Check out custom maps and download other modifications by the community. About the Game 'When there's no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth.' A tribute to the highly acclaimed film series in which the above quote originated from, No More Room in Hell (PC Gamer's Mod of the Year 2011, ModDB's Editor Choice Multiplayer Mod of the Year 2011), is a co-operative realistic first person survival horror modification for the Source Engine. Taking inspiration from George Romero's 'Of the Dead' series, the mod is set during a time in which the world is on the verge of collapsing into chaos from a disease whose origin is unknown. Many experts and organizations have their theories and ideas on how such a disease emerged and started to systematically destroy our very way of life, but one fact is clear to all. Whoever perishes from the disease gets up and kills, and the people they killed get up and kill. The chances of you surviving this all out war of society and the undead are slim to none. Already, there are millions of the walking dead shambling about, searching for food to eat. There's no known cure. One bite can possibly end it all for you. However, you aren't alone in this nightmare. There are still a handful of uninfected survivors left in this god forsaken hellhole, and with co-operation and teamwork, you may live long enough to fight your way to salvation. Features: Teamwork: Co-operative play with up to eight players. Voice and Text Communications Limited by Distance: The further you're away the harder it is for other players to hear you. Keep those walkie talkies close! Dynamic Objective Maps: The next playthrough may not be the same as the last! Survival Mode: Defend and maintain your shelter against the undead in the hopes of getting extracted to a safe area. A Realistic Approach: In short, no crosshairs with limited 'only when you want it' HUD. In addition, ammo and weapons are extremely scarce. With that in mind, aim down your sights and shoot for the head! Multitude of Different Opponents: Ranging from the iconic 'walking zombie' to the more contemporary 'runners', NMRiH will keep you on your toes with a mix of dangerous foes to face down. However, the most dangerous enemy may not always be the walking dead... Infection: One bite may be what it takes to bring you down. If infected, you must decide if you want to alert your team to rid you of your burden, or to keep quiet in the hopes of finding a cure... 30+ weapons and counting, ranging from the diminutive .22 Target Pistol, to the almighty Chainsaw. No ads (on official and community official servers, user-hosted servers may vary) No pay to win items or microtransactions 100% Free (unless you buy the soundtrack DLC &lt;3) No More Room in Hell is a Half-Life 2 Zombification. The mod was founded in 2003. It switched hands and a new team took over in 2009. Beta version 1.0 was released on Halloween of 2011. A full list of the No More Room in Hell Team and contributors can be found on the about page of our website: . ['Action', 'Indie', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Captions available', 'VR Support', 'Steam Workshop', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Includes level editor', 'Includes Source SDK'] Free to Play Zombies Multiplayer Survival Horror Co-op Online Co-Op Action FPS First-Person Survival Horror Shooter Post-apocalyptic Open World Realistic Indie Atmospheric Mod Adventure Massively Multiplayer
360 Half-Life Deathmatch: Source is a recreation of the first multiplayer game set in the Half-Life universe. Features all the classic weapons and most-played maps, now running on the Source engine. Half-Life Deathmatch: Source is a recreation of the first multiplayer game set in the Half-Life universe. Features all the classic weapons and most-played maps, now running on the Source engine. ['Action'] ['Multi-player', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Family Sharing'] Action FPS Multiplayer Shooter Sci-fi First-Person Classic Remake Violent Adventure Competitive Fast-Paced Singleplayer Atmospheric Horror Gore Great Soundtrack Retro Arena Shooter
435150 The critically acclaimed RPG that raised the bar, from the creators of Baldur's Gate 3. Gather your party. Master deep, tactical combat. Venture as a party of up to four - but know that only one of you will have the chance to become a God. Digital Collector's Editions About the Game The Divine is dead. The Void approaches. And the powers lying dormant within you are soon to awaken. The battle for Divinity has begun. Choose wisely and trust sparingly; darkness lurks within every heart. Who will you be? A flesh-eating Elf, an Imperial Lizard or an Undead, risen from the grave? Discover how the world reacts differently to who - or what - you are. It’s time for a new Divinity! Gather your party and develop relationships with your companions. Blast your opponents in deep, tactical, turn-based combat. Use the environment as a weapon, use height to your advantage, and manipulate the elements themselves to seal your victory. Ascend as the god that Rivellon so desperately needs. Explore the vast and layered world of Rivellon alone or in a party of up to 4 players in drop-in/drop-out cooperative play. Go anywhere, unleash your imagination, and explore endless ways to interact with the world. Beyond Rivellon, there’s more to explore in the brand-new PvP and Game Master modes. Choose your race and origin. Choose from 6 unique origin characters with their own backgrounds and quests, or create your own as a Human, Lizard, Elf, Dwarf, or Undead. All choices have consequences. Unlimited freedom to explore and experiment . Go anywhere, talk to anyone, and interact with everything! Kill any NPC without sacrificing your progress, and speak to every animal. Even ghosts might be hiding a secret or two… The next generation of turn-based combat. Blast your opponents with elemental combinations. Use height to your advantage. Master over 200 skills in 12 skill schools. But beware - the game’s AI 2.0 is our most devious invention to date. Up to 4 player online and split-screen multiplayer. Play with your friends online or in local split-screen with full controller support. Game Master Mode: Take your adventures to the next level and craft your own stories with the Game Master Mode. Download fan-made campaigns and mods from Steam Workshop. 4K Support: an Ultimate 4K experience pushing RPGs into a new era! ['Adventure', 'RPG', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Shared/Split Screen PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Captions available', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Tactical RPG RPG Turn-Based Strategy Story Rich Fantasy Character Customization CRPG Exploration Party-Based RPG Strategy RPG PvP Female Protagonist Co-op Campaign Local Co-Op Choices Matter Isometric Romance Strategy Moddable Funny
211500 RaceRoom is the premier free-to-play racing simulation on PC and home to official race series like DTM, WTCR, the WTCC and ADAC GT Masters. Enter RaceRoom and enter the world of a professional race car driver. RaceRoom is the premier free-to-play racing simulation on PC and home to official race series like DTM, WTCR, the WTCC and ADAC GT Masters. Enter RaceRoom and enter the world of a professional race car driver. A selection of free-to-play race cars and tracks are yours to drive with unlimited wheel time in multiplayer and single player games modes. Sponsored competitions and other free-to-play events allow you to enjoy premium game content at no cost. Additional cars, tracks, and liveries can be bought individually or as packs inside the game store using an in-game currency called vRP, which is purchased using your Steam Wallet. Key Features Free to play - Eat, Sleep, Race, Repeat A premium racing simulator is yours free-to-play on the PC. Race endlessly alongside the world’s most talented drivers in online multiplayer and single player game modes. Your dream car is here - Grab your pick BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, Chevrolet, Ford, McLaren, Pagani, RUF, Radical, Volvo, Saleen, and more to come. These manufacturers bring the best minds in racing together to dominate the world of motorsport and the machines they create are precision instruments of power, perfection, and speed. We are proud to present them in the digital form for your enjoyment. Speed is a universal language - Hit the road Going fast is a worldwide pastime and many of the most beautiful points on the globe are home to miles of thrilling blacktop. Start racing and conquer these places for yourself. Up Close and Personal - Stand among the giants of racing No game gets you closer to professional racing and the drivers that make a racing series great. RaceRoom is home to WTCC, DTM, and ADAC GT Masters, with more to come. Realism - Every sense touched You will see, hear, and feel what a race car driver does behind the wheel. You’ll grow smelly from intense focus and the resulting perspiration, and all you control is the taste at the end of the race. Will it be that of sweet victory... or bitter defeat? The experience of racing is yours and it’s unforgettable. Accessibility - Racing is a family sport Novice, Amateur, and Get Real game modes cater to drivers of all ability. This game is fit for the entire family, so start driving today with your Steering wheel, keyboard, or gamepad. The pursuit of perfection - Single Player Refine your skills against intelligent and challenging computer driven opponents. Use the Adaptive A.I., which automatically adjusts opponent difficulty based on your performance, or customize opponent difficulty to your liking. Defeat the competition - Online Multiplayer Line up with a grid of twenty-four players as you battle new friends and rivals in online multiplayer races. Competitions - Capture glory Compete against the world’s greatest drivers in sponsored competitions from Mercedes-Benz, EURONICS, DTM, ADAC GT Masters, and more. These competitions also allow free players access to premium content throughout the duration of most events. Fast paced gameplay Be ready to break a sweat! Racing is the ultimate in twitch gameplay. No time for breaks, no room for mistakes. You are on point or you are into the weeds. Push harder, go faster, and reap the rewards of an adrenalin induced smile. Important Info/DLC Purchasing Policy R3E user accounts are associated with the user’s Steam account for security and transactions through Steam Wallet. ['Racing', 'Simulation', 'Sports', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'VR Supported', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support'] Free to Play Racing Automobile Sim Realistic Multiplayer Driving Simulation Competitive Physics PvP Difficult Sports Controller VR Singleplayer First-Person Massively Multiplayer e-sports Co-op Artificial Intelligence
319630 Episode 1 now FREE! Life is Strange is an award-winning and critically acclaimed episodic adventure game that allows the player to rewind time and affect the past, present and future. PURCHASE LIFE IS STRANGE 2 NOW Play Free Reviews and Accolades 5/5 'A must-have.' - The Examiner 5/5 'Something truly special.' - International Business Times 'One of the best games I've played in years.' - Forbes 10/10 'An impressive coming of age story.' - Darkzero 8/10 'Rare and precious.' - Edge 8.5/10 'OUTSTANDING.' - GameInformer 90% 'Dontnod have clearly put a lot of effort into the little details and it’s worth your time paying attention to their work.' – Siliconera 4.5/5 'life is strange has me hooked' - HardcoreGamer 8/10 '.…has the potential to outdo both Telltale Games and Quantic Dream.' - Metro 9.5/10 'Life is Strange is a must-buy' - PlayStation Lifestyle About the Game Episode 1 now FREE! Life is Strange is an award-winning and critically acclaimed episodic adventure game that allows the player to rewind time and affect the past, present and future. Follow the story of Max Caulfield, a photography senior who discovers she can rewind time while saving her best friend Chloe Price. The pair soon find themselves investigating the mysterious disappearance of fellow student Rachel Amber, uncovering a dark side to life in Arcadia Bay. Meanwhile, Max must quickly learn that changing the past can sometimes lead to a devastating future. Key Features: A beautifully written modern adventure game. Rewind time to change the course of events. Multiple endings depending on the choices you make. Striking, hand-painted visuals. Distinct, licensed indie soundtrack. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Story Rich Choices Matter Great Soundtrack Female Protagonist Time Travel Atmospheric Episodic Singleplayer Adventure Time Manipulation Multiple Endings Mystery Third Person Point & Click Indie Walking Simulator Casual Action LGBTQ+ Memes
782330 Hell’s armies have invaded Earth. Become the Slayer in an epic single-player campaign to conquer demons across dimensions and stop the final destruction of humanity. The only thing they fear... is you. Feature List Digital Deluxe Edition Hell’s armies have invaded Earth. Become the Slayer in an epic single-player campaign to conquer demons across dimensions and stop the final destruction of humanity. The only thing they fear... is you. Experience the ultimate combination of speed and power in DOOM Eternal - the next leap in push-forward, first-person combat. The DOOM Eternal Deluxe Edition includes: The Year One Pass Get access to two campaign expansions for the critically-acclaimed DOOM Eternal. Your victory over Hell’s armies pulled humanity back from the edge of extinction, but it came at a cost. An imbalance of power in the heavens requires the true ruler of this universe to rise and set things right. Wage war across never-before-seen realms of the DOOM Universe, fight against new demons, and wield new abilities in your never-ending battle against the forces of evil. Demonic Slayer Skin Classic Weapon Sound Pack Throwback sound effects for all your DOOM Eternal guns About the Game Hell’s armies have invaded Earth. Become the Slayer in an epic single-player campaign to conquer demons across dimensions and stop the final destruction of humanity. The Only Thing they Fear... Is You. Experience the ultimate combination of speed and power in DOOM Eternal - the next leap in push-forward, first-person combat. Slayer Threat Level At Maximum Armed with a shoulder-mounted flamethrower, retractable wrist-mounted blade, upgraded guns and mods, and abilities, you're faster, stronger, and more versatile than ever. Unholy Trinity Take what you need from your enemies: Glory kill for extra health, incinerate for armor, and chainsaw demons to stock up on ammo to become the ultimate demon-slayer. Enter Battlemode A new 2 versus 1 multiplayer experience. A fully-armed DOOM Slayer faces off against two player-controlled demons, fighting it out in a best-of-five round match of intense first-person combat. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'HDR available', 'Family Sharing'] FPS Action Gore Great Soundtrack Fast-Paced Violent Demons Shooter First-Person Singleplayer Blood Multiplayer Sci-fi Post-apocalyptic Mature Atmospheric Story Rich Difficult Adventure Horror
241930 Fight through Mordor and uncover the truth of the spirit that compels you, discover the origins of the Rings of Power, build your legend and ultimately confront the evil of Sauron in this new chronicle of Middle-earth. Note: certain features for the Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor videogame will no longer be available beginning Dec. 31, 2020. Affected Features: • The Nemesis Forge feature will no longer be available. Therefore, players will no longer be able to transfer their in-game Nemeses from Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor to Middle-earth: Shadow of War. • Vendetta missions and Leaderboards will no longer be available. • WBPlay will no longer be available, but the epic runes 'Orc Hunter' and 'Gravewalker' will automatically be awarded to all players. Winner of over 50 “Best of 2014” Awards including Game of the Year, Best Action Game and Most Innovative Game. [] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Open World Action Fantasy Adventure Third Person Stealth Singleplayer RPG Action RPG Assassin Hack and Slash Gore Parkour Story Rich Atmospheric Dark Fantasy Magic Lore-Rich Based On A Novel Sandbox
1426210 Embark on the craziest journey of your life in It Takes Two. Invite a friend to join for free with Friend’s Pass and work together across a huge variety of gleefully disruptive gameplay challenges. Winner of GAME OF THE YEAR at the Game Awards 2021. Embark on the craziest journey of your life in It Takes Two, a genre-bending platform adventure created purely for co-op. Invite a friend to join for free with Friend’s Pass and work together across a huge variety of gleefully disruptive gameplay challenges. Play as the clashing couple Cody and May, two humans turned into dolls by a magic spell. Together, trapped in a fantastical world where the unpredictable hides around every corner, they are reluctantly challenged with saving their fractured relationship. Master unique and connected character abilities in every new level. Help each other across an abundance of unexpected obstacles and laugh-out-loud moments. Kick gangster squirrels’ furry tails, pilot a pair of underpants, DJ a buzzing night club, and bobsleigh through a magical snow globe. Embrace a heartfelt and hilarious story where narrative and gameplay weave into a uniquely metaphorical experience. It Takes Two is developed by the award-winning studio Hazelight, the industry leader of cooperative play. They’re about to take you on a wild and wondrous ride where only one thing is for certain: we’re better together. KEY FEATURES Pure co-op perfection — Invite a friend to join for free with Remote Play Together**, and experience a thrilling adventure built purely for two. Choose from couch or online co-op with split-screen play, and face ever-changing challenges where working together is the only way forward. Gleefully disruptive gameplay — From rampaging vacuum cleaners to suave love gurus, you never know what you’ll be up against next. Filled with genre-bending challenges and new character abilities to master in every level, experience a metaphorical merging of gameplay and narrative that pushes the boundaries of interactive storytelling. A universal tale of relationships — Discover a touching and heartfelt story of the challenges in getting along. Help Cody and May learn how to overcome their differences. Meet a diverse cast of strange and endearing characters. Join forces and go on an adventure you’ll treasure — together! ABOUT HAZELIGHT Hazelight is an award-winning independent game development studio based in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2014 by Josef Fares (film director and creator of the award-winning game Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons), Hazelight is committed to pushing the creative boundaries of what is possible in games. In 2018, Hazelight released the BAFTA award-winning A Way Out — the first-ever co-op only, third-person action-adventure — as part of the EA Originals program. ABOUT EA ORIGINALS EA Originals helps shine a light on some of the most passionate, independent, and talented game studios across the globe. Discover innovative and unforgettable gaming experiences from highly creative game makers who love to enchant and inspire. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play Together'] Co-op Multiplayer Split Screen Local Co-Op Puzzle Online Co-Op Adventure Story Rich Co-op Campaign Local Multiplayer Puzzle-Platformer 3D Platformer Action-Adventure Emotional Platformer Action Exploration Atmospheric Minigames Female Protagonist
20 One of the most popular online action games of all time, Team Fortress Classic features over nine character classes -- from Medic to Spy to Demolition Man -- enlisted in a unique style of online team warfare. Each character class possesses unique weapons, items, and abilities, as teams compete online in a variety of game play modes. One of the most popular online action games of all time, Team Fortress Classic features over nine character classes -- from Medic to Spy to Demolition Man -- enlisted in a unique style of online team warfare. Each character class possesses unique weapons, items, and abilities, as teams compete online in a variety of game play modes. ['Action'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Shared/Split Screen PvP', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Action FPS Multiplayer Classic Hero Shooter Shooter Team-Based Class-Based First-Person 1990's Old School Co-op Competitive Fast-Paced Retro Online Co-Op Violent Funny Mod Remake
72850 EPIC FANTASY REBORN The next chapter in the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the makers of the 2006 and 2008 Games of the Year, Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines and revolutionizes the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. The Game of a Generation Voted 'The Best Game of the Generation' by amazon.co.uk users, and About the Game EPIC FANTASY REBORN The next chapter in the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the makers of the 2006 and 2008 Games of the Year, Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines and revolutionizes the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. LIVE ANOTHER LIFE, IN ANOTHER WORLD Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want; the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. ALL NEW GRAPHICS AND GAMEPLAY ENGINE Skyrim’s new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. YOU ARE WHAT YOU PLAY Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. DRAGON RETURN Battle ancient dragons like you’ve never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself. ['RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Open World RPG Fantasy Adventure Dragons Moddable First-Person Action Medieval Singleplayer Magic Story Rich Great Soundtrack Sandbox Lore-Rich Atmospheric Character Customization Action RPG Third Person Epic
489830 Winner of more than 200 Game of the Year Awards, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition brings the epic fantasy to life in stunning detail. The Special Edition includes the critically acclaimed game and add-ons with all-new features. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Anniversary Edition The Anniversary Edition includes a decade worth of content: the critically acclaimed core game and add-ons of Skyrim Special Edition, plus Creation Club content released on or prior to November 11, 2021 - including quests, dungeons, bosses, weapons, spells, and more. For a full list of Creation Club content included read here. Creation Kit About the Game Winner of more than 200 Game of the Year Awards, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition brings the epic fantasy to life in stunning detail. The Special Edition includes the critically acclaimed game and add-ons with all-new features like remastered art and effects, volumetric god rays, dynamic depth of field, screen-space reflections, and more. Skyrim Special Edition also brings the power of Bethesda Game Studios Creations to PC and consoles. New quests, environments, characters, dialogue, armor, weapons and more – with Creations, there are no limits to what you can experience. ['RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Open World RPG Adventure Singleplayer Fantasy Character Customization Moddable Dragons Story Rich Magic First-Person Action Atmospheric Great Soundtrack Third Person Stealth Classic Remake Female Protagonist Walking Simulator
526870 Satisfactory is a first-person open-world factory building game with a dash of exploration and combat. Play alone or with friends, explore an alien planet, create multi-story factories, and enter conveyor belt heaven! Satisfactory is a first-person open-world factory building game with a dash of exploration and combat. Play alone or with friends, explore an alien planet, create multi-story factories, and enter conveyor belt heaven! Construct Conquer nature by building massive factories across the land. Expand wherever and however you want. The planet is filled with valuable natural resources just waiting to be utilized. As an employee of FICSIT it’s your duty to make sure they come to good use. Automate Construct your factories with gracious perfection or build intricate webs of conveyor belts to supply all your needs. Automate trucks and trains to reach your faraway outposts and be sure to handle liquids properly by transporting them in pipes. It’s all about minimizing manual labour! Explore &amp; Exploit Venture on expeditions to search for new materials and be sure to put everything to good use. Nature is yours to harvest! You have vehicles, jetpacks, jump pads and more at your disposal to make the exploration easier. Equip the proper safety gear as well, just in case you run into the local wildlife. FEATURES • Open World: Explore the huge (30km2) alien planet that is Massage-2(AB)b with its unique fauna and creatures. • Co-Op: Build a factory yourself or share the joy with your friends. Up to you! • Factory Building: Experience building a huge factory from a first-person perspective. Automate and optimize it to perfection for your personal satisfaction. • Customization: Customize your factory to your own liking. Build at high altitudes or over wide plains, there is almost no limits in the making of your tailor-made factory. • Vehicles: Travel the world with class. Use jump pads, factory carts, jetpacks, hypertubes, trucks or trains. The choice is yours! ['Adventure', 'Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Base-Building Automation Open World Multiplayer Crafting Co-op Resource Management Building Sandbox Exploration Adventure Open World Survival Craft Survival Simulation First-Person Strategy Sci-fi Singleplayer Early Access Indie
218230 PlanetSide 2 is an all-out planetary war, where thousands of players battle as one across enormous continents. Utilize infantry, ground and air vehicles, and teamwork to destroy your enemies in this revolutionary first-person shooter on a massive scale. PlanetSide 2 is a free-to-play, massively multiplayer online first person shooter (MMOFPS). Empires and their soldiers battle in an all-out planetary war on a scale never before seen, in stunning, breathtaking detail. PlanetSide 2 battles persist and the war never ends, offering constant challenges of individual skill, team grit, and empire-wide coordination. Take up arms and drop into intense infantry, vehicle, and air combat. Players come together in enormous battles across four massive continents to win control of critical territories, gaining key resources for their empire. With an extensive skill tree and class-based system, players can customize their soldier, weapons, and vehicles to match their playstyle and meet the needs of their squads, outfits, and empires. In the world of PlanetSide 2, every soldier makes a difference. THREE WARRING EMPIRES Players will choose to align with one of three empires: the militaristic, authoritarian Terran Republic; the rebellious, freedom-fighting New Conglomerate; or the technocratic, alien-influenced Vanu Sovereignty. Each empire has access to empire-specific weapons, attachments, vehicles, abilities, and more. MASSIVE WARFARE Battles take place not between dozens of soldiers, but between hundreds. They fight on foot. They pile into vehicles. They take to the skies in devastating aircraft. Each battleground holds valuable resources and strategic positions, and the empire that can conquer and hold these territories will be rewarded with the resources and the means to achieve victory. ENORMOUS MAPS PlanetSide 2 features four incredible and diverse continent maps with dozens of square kilometers of seamless gameplay space, every inch of which is hand-crafted and contestable. Whether in open fields, barren desert, in armed and armored bases, or in the skies, victory will rely on knowing your surroundings. PERSISTENCE THAT PAYS In PlanetSide 2 the war isn’t won by a single base capture. The core gameplay of PlanetSide 2 is about holding crucial territories and controlling resources. Working strategically as a team to secure tactical positions has long-lasting effects that can shift the tide of battle. CLASS-BASED COMBAT Players can build their soldier to match wants and their allies' needs. Six distinct classes provide a wealth of squad options and combat tactics. Grow your soldier over time as you master each combat role, weapon, and vehicle, laterally unlocking hundreds of weapons, attachments, gear, skills, vehicles, and more. Heavy Assault: Rush into the battle guns blazing. You are the dedicated foot soldier of Auraxis. Light Assault: Go where the Heavies can’t with your short-burst jetpack. Pick a high spot, throw a grenade, and out maneuver your foes! Combat Medic: Keep your fellow soldiers alive and in fighting shape. You are the beating heart of any squad. Infiltrator: Stay silent. Stay invisible. You are death from the shadows, whether with a knife from behind or a single shot from a sniper's nest. You are the enemy's constant fear. Engineer: Deploy crucial equipment. Resupply your allies. Fix the thing, then fix it again. You keep the machines running, the tanks firing, and the war effort moving forward. MAX: Step into your Mechanized Assault Exo-Suit (MAX). Cannons for hands, armor for flesh, and a disposition to match, you are a walking mass of nigh unstoppable death. OUTFIT TEAMWORK Join or form your own Outfit, a like-minded group of soldiers who train together day in and day out. Whether a small rapid response team or a massive clan, Outfits are vital to each empire's strategic organization. VEHICLES &amp; WEAPONS Train and equip your soldier how you want, with a huge array of weapons and vehicles which can be extensively customized by preference or purpose, using attachments, upgrades, and add-ons earned in the war. PLAY FOR FREE ['Action', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud'] Free to Play FPS Massively Multiplayer Shooter Action Open World Multiplayer Team-Based Sci-fi War Tactical First-Person PvP Futuristic Online Co-Op Co-op Strategy Space Adventure RPG
49520 The Ultimate Vault Hunter’s Upgrade lets you get the most out of the Borderlands 2 experience. Borderlands Collection: Pandora's Box This title is included in Borderlands Collection: Pandora's Box! About the Game A new era of shoot and loot is about to begin. Play as one of four new vault hunters facing off against a massive new world of creatures, psychos and the evil mastermind, Handsome Jack. Make new friends, arm them with a bazillion weapons and fight alongside them in 4 player co-op on a relentless quest for revenge and redemption across the undiscovered and unpredictable living planet. Key Features: All-New Characters and All-New Classes: Four all new playable classes including the Siren, the Commando, the Gunzerker and the Assassin. Step into the role of the Gunzerker, whose highly deadly skills allow him to dual-wield any two weapons found in the game. Not only that, you will build on that skill to do more things with two guns than you ever imagined possible. Dual machine guns? Cool. Dual rocket launchers? Of course! Dual Sniper Rifles? Sure, if that’s your thing! Want to try other styles? More tactical perhaps? There are multiple classes to choose from! Dynamic Co-op online, and LAN: Share your adventures with friends both online and via LAN. Borderlands 2 features a seamless system enabling you to drop in and drop out of a campaign without ever having to restart the game. On top of that you can even take your new gear from any game to any other! World Connected Story: Find yourself left for dead in the frozen tundra of Pandora as you begin your quest of revenge and redemption. Expose the evil surrounding the Hyperion Corporation and take on the perpetrator of a universe-wide grand deception -- the nefarious Hyperion CEO, Handsome Jack. (Oh, also: he's stolen credit for the opening of the Vault.) 87 Bazillion...Everything: In addition to the new gun system, you will lust after procedurally generated shields, grenades, Relics, class mods and much, much more. And you thought the original Borderlands had a ton of loot! Brand new environments on Pandora: Hunt through entirely brand new areas of Pandora that are more alive than ever! From the arctic tundra, through the dangerous grasslands, past the mysterious corrosive caverns to beyond, you’ll be surprised by the unpredictable world of Pandora at every turn! Brand new enemies: A whole slew of new enemies are out there to kill you in Borderlands 2. Hulking, gorilla-like Bullymongs, vicious predatory Stalkers and the Hyperion mechanical army, run by Handsome Jack, are just some of the new enemies in Borderlands 2. Note: The Mac and Linux versions of Borderlands 2 are available in English, French, Italian, German and Spanish only. ['Action', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Loot Shooter Action Multiplayer Co-op Looter Shooter FPS RPG First-Person Funny Comedy Open World Combat Online Co-Op Adventure Action RPG Dark Humor Singleplayer Memes Sci-fi
1551360 Explore the vibrant open world landscapes of Mexico with limitless, fun driving action in the world’s greatest cars. Forza Horizon 5 Version Comparison About the Game Your Ultimate Horizon Adventure awaits! Explore the vibrant and ever-evolving open world landscapes of Mexico with limitless, fun driving action in hundreds of the world’s greatest cars. This is Your Horizon Adventure Lead breathtaking expeditions across the vibrant and ever-evolving open world landscapes of Mexico with limitless, fun driving action in hundreds of the world’s greatest cars. This is a Diverse Open World Explore a world of striking contrast and beauty. Discover living deserts, lush jungles, historic cities, hidden ruins, pristine beaches, vast canyons and a towering snow-capped volcano. This is an Adventurous Open World Immerse yourself in a deep campaign with hundreds of challenges that reward you for engaging in the activities you love. Meet new characters and choose the outcomes of their Horizon Story missions. This is an Evolving Open World Take on awe-inspiring weather events such as towering dust storms and intense tropical storms as Mexico’s unique, dynamic seasons change the world every week. Keep coming back for new events, challenges, collectibles, and rewards, and new areas to explore. No two seasons will ever be the same. This is a Social Open World Team up with other players and enter the Horizon Arcade for a continuing series of fun, over-the-top challenges that keep you and your friends in the action and having fun with no menus, loading screens or lobbies. Meet new friends in Horizon Open and Tours and share your creations with new community gift sharing. This is Your Open World Create your own expressions of fun with the powerful new EventLab gameplay toolset including custom races, challenges, stunts, and entirely new game modes. Customize your cars in more ways than ever before with new options such as the ability open and close convertible tops, paint brake calipers, and more. Use the new Gift Drops feature to share your custom creations with the community. Begin Your Horizon Adventure today! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Racing', 'Simulation', 'Sports'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'HDR available', 'Family Sharing'] Racing Open World Driving Multiplayer Automobile Sim Realistic Simulation Adventure Arcade Exploration First-Person Co-op Sports PvP Online Co-Op Atmospheric Singleplayer Beautiful VR Action
582660 Played by over 20 million Adventurers - Black Desert Online is an open-world, action MMORPG. Experience intense, action-packed combat, battle massive world bosses, fight alongside friends to siege and conquer castles, and train in professions such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, and more! Go Beyond Limits : WORLD CLASS MMORPG Black Desert is a game that tests the limitations of MMORPG by implementing remastered graphics and audio. Enjoy exciting combat and siege, exploration, trading, fishing, training, alchemy, cooking, gathering, hunting, and more in the vast open world. Black Desert - A true MMORPG The Start of Your Dream Adventure OPEN WORLD An expansive, breathtaking open world MMORPG made with Pearl Abyss' proprietary game engine. CUSTOMIZING Become Your True Self Experience insane levels of customization. From height, torso, face, and skin texture, to micro-level details, your imagination is the limit! Create your own unique characters, just like you've always desired, in Black Desert. COMBAT Non-Target &amp; Fast-Paced Combat Experience an innovative combat system unlike any other MMORPG. The need for quick reactions and precise control will keep you enthralled throughout your entire experience. Exciting commands/combos will always keep you on your toes. NODE &amp; SIEGE WAR Large-Scale PvP Wars Guilds, prepare for battle! Victory is near! Join formidable guilds as they fight head-to-head on the battlefield. Be victorious, become lords, and seize control of taxes, resources, and more! GRAPHICS Remastered Cutting-Edge Graphics Enter a world with spectacular sceneries, realistic environments, and sophisticated details created with state-of-the-art graphics and prepare for unforgettable adventures. LIFE SKILLS Multitudes of In-Game Activities Combat not your style? Relax and enjoy a variety of pleasant life skill activities! With a variety of choices including farming, trading, fishing, sailing, cooking, horse training, alchemy, and more, the professions are endless. Try your hand at any or all of them! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support'] MMORPG Massively Multiplayer Open World Character Customization RPG Adventure Fantasy Action Strategy 3D Multiplayer Medieval Crafting Magic Atmospheric Simulation PvP Cooking Combat War
427520 Factorio is a game about building and creating automated factories to produce items of increasing complexity, within an infinite 2D world. Use your imagination to design your factory, combine simple elements into ingenious structures, and finally protect it from the creatures who don't really like you. Factorio is a game in which you build and maintain factories. You will be mining resources, researching technologies, building infrastructure, automating production and fighting enemies. In the beginning you will find yourself chopping trees, mining ores and crafting mechanical arms and transport belts by hand, but in short time you can become an industrial powerhouse, with huge solar fields, oil refining and cracking, manufacture and deployment of construction and logistic robots, all for your resource needs. However this heavy exploitation of the planet's resources does not sit nicely with the locals, so you will have to be prepared to defend yourself and your machine empire. Join forces with other players in cooperative Multiplayer , create huge factories, collaborate and delegate tasks between you and your friends. Add mods to increase your enjoyment, from small tweak and helper mods to complete game overhauls, Factorio's ground-up Modding support has allowed content creators from around the world to design interesting and innovative features. While the core gameplay is in the form of the freeplay scenario, there are a range of interesting challenges in the form of Scenarios . If you don't find any maps or scenarios you enjoy, you can create your own with the in-game Map Editor , place down entities, enemies, and terrain in any way you like, and even add your own custom script to make for interesting gameplay. Discount Disclaimer: We don't have any plans to take part in a sale or to reduce the price for the foreseeable future. What people say about Factorio No other game in the history of gaming handles the logistics side of management simulator so perfectly. - Reddit I see conveyor belts when I close my eyes. I may have been binging Factorio lately. - Notch, Mojang Factorio is a super duper awesome game where we use conveyor belts to shoot aliens. - Zisteau, Youtube ['Casual', 'Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Automation Base-Building Resource Management Sandbox Crafting Strategy Multiplayer Survival Management Open World Building Co-op 2D Moddable Singleplayer Trains Simulation Pixel Graphics City Builder Indie
48700 In a land torn asunder by incessant warfare, it is time to assemble your own band of hardened warriors and enter the fray. Lead your men into battle, expand your realm, and claim the ultimate prize: the throne of Calradia! In a land torn asunder by incessant warfare, it is time to assemble your own band of hardened warriors and enter the fray. Lead your men into battle, expand your realm, and claim the ultimate prize: the throne of Calradia! Mount &amp; Blade: Warband is a stand alone expansion pack for the game that brought medieval battlefields to life with its realistic mounted combat and detailed fighting system. Graphical overhaul: Support added for HDR, FSAA, depth of field, soft particles, tone mapping, and many other effects New models with greater detail and high-quality textures Multiplayer battles with up to 64 players. Multiplayer modes include Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, Conquest, Battle, and Siege A campaign allowing you to become the ruler of a faction and convince lords to become your vassals The ability to upgrade your companions to vassals by granting them lands The ability to marry a lady of the realm for romance or cold political gain. Try to win a lady’s heart through poetry or bravery Improved mechanics for soldier morale: Soldiers will break and run away if their morale gets too low Pick any projectile off the battlefield for use as additional munitions New motion-captured combat animations Numerous improvements to the combat system: Your shield will still stop arrows even if you are not actively defending The ability to play multiplayer matches on random maps as well as hand-designed ones Multiplayer equipment system: Earn money by fighting opponents or accomplishing goals The ability to use most throwing weapons in close combat: Switch to using a javelin as a short spear when the enemy gets close Spend gold on more powerful equipment, using a carefully balanced system that will make combat more exciting without giving too much of an advantage to the leading team ['Action', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Family Sharing'] Medieval RPG Open World Strategy Sandbox Multiplayer Action Moddable Military Adventure Horses Singleplayer Realistic First-Person Historical Third Person Simulation Hack and Slash Fantasy Indie
311210 Call of Duty®: Black Ops III Zombies Chronicles Edition includes the full base game plus the Zombies Chronicles content expansion. Zombies Chronicles Deluxe Edition Now with more content than ever before. Call of Duty®: Black Ops III Zombies Chronicles Deluxe includes the full base game, Season Pass, Zombies Chronicles &amp; additional bonus digital content including: The Giant Bonus Map: Zombies returns in all of its undead glory with 'The Giant'. Re-live the chaos of Treyarch's classic 'Der Riese' Zombies map, picking up the Zombies story with Dempsey, Nikolai, Richtofen, and Takeo where Origins left off. 3 Personalization Packs: Fan favorite Cyborg &amp; Weaponized 115 packs along with a new Black Ops 3 pack. Each pack comes with a weapon camo, reticles, and calling card. The Zombies Chronicles content expansion which delivers 8 remastered classic maps from Call of Duty®: World at War, Call of Duty®: Black Ops and Call of Duty®: Black Ops II. Mod Tools Open Beta Now Live The Black Ops 3 Mod Tools Open Beta has arrived! Full version Black Ops 3 owners can install the Mod Tools under the Tool Section via the Steam Library titled Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Mod Tools . Mod Tools Include: Black Ops 3 Steam Workshop* Unranked Server Browser* Radiant Level Editor APE, Asset Property Editor Mod Tools Launcher Optional additional level building assets from a variety of official Black Ops 3 maps can be installed under the DLC section of Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Mod Tools Full examples of the multiplayer map Combine and the Zombies map The Giant New Server Settings Menu in Multiplayer Custom Games and Zombies Private Game where you can set how your server will display in the Unranked Server Browser* New Mods Menu where you can load and unload your subscribed mods* * Downloading the mod tools is not required for these items or to play Black Ops 3 Steam Workshop content Modding Guides: Official - How to Play - Workshop Guide Official - How to Create - Workshop Guide About the Game Call of Duty®: Black Ops III Zombies Chronicles Edition includes the full base game and the Zombies Chronicles content expansion. Call of Duty: Black Ops III combines three unique game modes: Campaign, Multiplayer, and Zombies, providing fans with the deepest and most ambitious Call of Duty ever. The Zombies Chronicles content expansion delivers 8 remastered classic Zombies maps from Call of Duty®: World at War, Call of Duty®: Black Ops and Call of Duty®: Black Ops II. Complete maps from the original saga are fully remastered and HD playable within Call of Duty®: Black Ops III. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Multiplayer Zombies FPS Shooter Action First-Person Singleplayer Co-op Futuristic Illuminati Hero Shooter Robots Sci-fi Gore Great Soundtrack Story Rich Atmospheric Parkour Quick-Time Events Simulation
236850 Rule your land and dominate the world with unparalleled freedom, depth and historical accuracy. Write a new history of the world and build an empire for the ages. Europa Universalis IV: Monthly Subscription Europa Universalis IV ’s expansion content is now available via subscription letting you enjoy all of the expansions and add-ons that have been developed over the last eight years. All new subscribers will gain immediate access to all additional content ever created for Europa Universalis IV , with no additional upfront cost. If you already own the base game and some of the expansions or content packs, this subscription does not remove that ownership, but will open up all content that you have not purchased. Subscribers must already own the Europa Universalis IV base game . Subscription is handled in-game and can be accessed once you start up Europa Universalis IV. This is only available to players on Steam using Microsoft Windows. Sign up now to enjoy: All major Expansions, including the the illustrious glory of Emperor and Chinese imperial drama of Mandate of Heaven. All immersion packs, adding new mechanics for Spain, Great Britain and Russian nations, among others. All content packs, adding new unit designs, advisor portraits and music for dozens of different nations. ...and many more improvements to the core game experience. This subscription will automatically renew at the end of every month until it is cancelled. Just Updated About the Game Developed by Paradox Tinto, the fourth instalment of the award-winning Europa Universalis series gives you a chance to control any nation in the world and lead it through four dramatic centuries - starting from the late middle ages and culminating in the Napoleonic era. Rule your land and dominate the world with unparalleled freedom, depth and historical accuracy. Write a new history of the world and build an empire for the ages. Europa Universalis IV includes the base game, three expansion packs and one cosmetic compilation pack. Europa Universalis IV: Control any nation in the world across four centuries of history, writing a new history of humankind from the Age of Discovery to the Age of Revolutions. Accumulate wealth, land and prestige in a fierce competition for global dominance. Art of War: Centered on the 30 Years War and bubbling political instability between church and state, this expansion features improved gameplay mechanics that puts warfare at the forefront of your quest for domination on the continent. Common Sense: This expansion focuses on diplomacy and the internal development of nations. It allows you to peacefully develop your nation and build a 'tall' empire, whilst also giving you the tools to execute grand diplomacy. Game changing religious features add depth and intriguing complexity to the gameplay. Rights of Man: This expansion adds greater depth and detail to a host of game systems. New Great Power diplomatic options give them more flexibility, monarch personality traits add more flavour to the power of the throne and there are new religious options for Coptic and Fetishist religions. Digital Extreme Edition Upgrade Pack: This compilation pack includes mostly cosmetic content, including new unit art, event art and game music drawn from content packs inspired by Islamic, Ottoman, Central European and American History. It also includes unique events from the American Dream pack. Start before the Renaissance on a map of the world as it was then. Choose from any of hundreds of nations and then rule up to the Age of Revolutions. Or, if you wish, start your game at any date in the span, with historical monarchs and other leaders. Hundreds of dynamic historical events are yours to experience, from merely troubling civil wars to world changing moments like the Protestant Reformation. Discover and settle the New World, or resist European conquest. Control the flow of trade by developing your trade power in key provinces, using ships and governmental policy to bring the wealth of the world to your own ports. Build alliances into iron bonds, cemented by royal marriage or play a flexible hand, keeping your options open. Strike when your enemies are weak, using your armies to grab new land and new potential riches. Your nation’s pace of development will be heavily influenced by the person on the throne. Experience rapid development under a skilled monarch only to see things slow down when a less competent heir takes over. Plan for the future by spending monarch power wisely. Four hundred years of research into new ways of war, administration and trade are available. Unlock new weapons, new buildings and new ship types. Over time, you can embrace national ideas that represent both your historic legacy and your ambitions for the future. From grand voyages of discovery to religious wars to revolutionary governments, the entire history of the early modern world waits for you to rewrite it in Europa Universalis IV. ['Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Grand Strategy Strategy Historical Simulation 4X Alternate History Military Wargame Diplomacy Economy Replay Value Sandbox Political Real-Time with Pause Moddable Nonlinear Co-op Singleplayer Management Multiplayer
1593500 His vengeance against the Gods of Olympus years behind him, Kratos now lives as a man in the realm of Norse Gods and monsters. It is in this harsh, unforgiving world that he must fight to survive… and teach his son to do the same. Enter the Norse realm His vengeance against the Gods of Olympus years behind him, Kratos now lives as a man in the realm of Norse Gods and monsters. It is in this harsh, unforgiving world that he must fight to survive… and teach his son to do the same. Grasp a second chance Kratos is a father again. As mentor and protector to Atreus, a son determined to earn his respect, he is forced to deal with and control the rage that has long defined him while out in a very dangerous world with his son. Journey to a dark, elemental world of fearsome creatures From the marble and columns of ornate Olympus to the gritty forests, mountains and caves of pre-Viking Norse lore, this is a distinctly new realm with its own pantheon of creatures, monsters and gods. Engage in visceral, physical combat With an over the shoulder camera that brings the player closer to the action than ever before, fights in God of War™ mirror the pantheon of Norse creatures Kratos will face: grand, gritty and grueling. A new main weapon and new abilities retain the defining spirit of the God of War series while presenting a vision of conflict that forges new ground in the genre. PC FEATURES High Fidelity Graphics Striking visuals enhanced on PC. Enjoy true 4K resolution, on supported devices, [MU1] with unlocked framerates for peak performance. Dial in your settings via a wide range of graphical presets and options including higher resolution shadows, improved screen space reflections, the addition of GTAO and SSDO, and much more. NVIDIA® DLSS and Reflex Support Quality meets performance. Harness the AI power of NVIDIA Deep Learning Super Sampling (DLSS) to boost frame rates and generate beautiful, sharp images on select Nvidia GPUs. Utilize NVIDIA Reflex low latency technology allowing you to react quicker and hit harder combos with the responsive gameplay you crave on GeForce GPUs. Controls Customization Play your way. With support for the DUALSHOCK®4 and DUALSENSE® wireless controllers, a wide range of other gamepads, and fully customizable bindings for mouse and keyboard, you have the power to fine-tune every action to match your playstyle. Ultra-wide Support Immerse yourself like never before. Journey through the Norse realms taking in breathtaking vistas in panoramic widescreen. With 21:9 ultra-widescreen support, God of War™ presents a cinema quality experience that further expands the original seamless theatrical vision. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Action Singleplayer Story Rich Adventure Mythology Combat Third Person RPG Hack and Slash Violent Open World Fantasy Exploration Atmospheric Gore Action RPG Souls-like Emotional 3D PvE
2694490 Path of Exile 2 is a next generation Action RPG from Grinding Gear Games, featuring co-op for up to six players. Set years after the original Path of Exile, you will return to the dark world of Wraeclast and seek to end the corruption that is spreading. Path of Exile 2 is a next generation Action RPG from Grinding Gear Games, featuring co-op for up to six players. Path of Exile 2 takes place in the land of Wraeclast, a dark continent populated by unique cultures, ancient secrets, and monstrous dangers. A sinister threat, long thought destroyed, has begun creeping back on the edge of civilisation, driving people mad and sickening the land with Corruption. Path of Exile 2 features a brand new campaign with six acts, 100 distinct environments, 600 monsters and 100 bosses. Key Features Twelve Character Classes Path of Exile 2 features twelve character classes, two for every combination of Strength, Dexterity and Intelligence. While each of the class variants focuses on a different playstyle, they're just a starting point. You can combine skills from many classes together to create your ideal character build. Each of the twelve character classes has its own three Ascendancy specialisations, resulting in a total of 36 Ascendancy Classes to pick between. New Skill Gem System Path of Exile 2 features 240 Skill Gems that grant devastating active skills and 200 Support Gems that modify their behaviour. Combine these together to create your perfect build. This is the next generation of Path of Exile's famous skill system. Support Gems are now socketed directly into Skill Gems, removing many of the frustrations present in the old system while maintaining all the previous depth. It's now possible to six-link every skill your character uses. Dual-specialise your Passive Skill Tree Path of Exile's iconic Passive Skill Tree has made a return, with 1,500 skills that allow you to completely customise your gameplay experience. It now features Dual Specialisation, the ability to allocate some passive skill points to two different sets of skills. They engage whenever the appropriate weapon or skill type is used. For example, you can have some points allocated to both daggers and traps, or ice and lightning, and as you swap between attacks, the appropriate skill points will apply. This lets you specialise in multiple areas without opportunity cost. Uncover All-new Items Path of Exile 2 features 700 equipment base types and every single one has its own unique item you can find. You can augment your arsenal with new weapons such as Spears, Crossbows and Flails, as well as supplementary items like Focuses, Traps and redesigned Sceptres. Encounter Unique Bosses In Path of Exile 2, every area of the Campaign contains a boss encounter. There's over a hundred bosses to fight as you make your way through the Acts and they all have unique mechanics to learn. Explore a New Endgame Completing the campaign is just the beginning. The endgame in Path of Exile 2 includes countless areas in different biomes, powerful crafting, challenging bosses, unique encounters and much more. Unlock new paths and explore further into the world. As you progress through the endgame, you will gain access to special passive trees that can boost the rewards of your maps and change the way the various endgame mechanics work. These trees will make your maps more rewarding but also more difficult. Path of Exile 2 introduces sequels to several leagues from Path of Exile. While their mechanics are familiar, the monsters, bosses, rewards and progression are all new. Fair-To-Play. Never Pay-To-Win. Path of Exile 2 is a separate game to the original Path of Exile. We will continue to offer expansions for both games going forward. They will never be 'pay to win'. Purchases are shared between the two games. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'MMO', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Full controller support', 'HDR available'] Action RPG Hack and Slash RPG Loot Action Souls-like Dark Fantasy MMORPG Isometric Dungeon Crawler Adventure Multiplayer Online Co-Op Crafting Character Customization Free to Play Inventory Management Horror Early Access Dark
8870 Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia. Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia. Forced to trust one another, Booker and Elizabeth form a powerful bond during their daring escape. Together, they learn to harness an expanding arsenal of weapons and abilities, as they fight on zeppelins in the clouds, along high-speed Sky-Lines, and down in the streets of Columbia, all while surviving the threats of the air-city and uncovering its dark secret. Key Features The City in the Sky – Leave the depths of Rapture to soar among the clouds of Columbia. A technological marvel, the flying city is a beautiful and vibrant world that holds a very dark secret. Unlikely Mission – Set in 1912, hired gun Booker DeWitt must rescue a mysterious girl from the sky-city of Columbia or never leave it alive. Whip, Zip, and Kill – Turn the city’s Sky-Lines into weaponized roller coasters as you zip through the flying city and dish out fatal hands-on punishment. Tear Through Time – Open Tears in time and space to shape the battlefield and turn the tide in combat by pulling weapons, turrets, and other resources out of thin air. Vigorous Powers – Throw explosive fireballs, shoot lightning, and release murders of crows as devastatingly powerful Vigors surge through your body to be unleashed against all that oppose you. Custom Combat Experience – With deadly weapons in one hand, powerful Vigors in the other, and the ability to open Tears in time and space, fight your own way through the floating city of Columbia to rescue Elizabeth and reach freedom. 1999 Mode – Upon finishing BioShock Infinite, the player can unlock a game mode called “1999 Mode” that gives experienced players a taste of the kind of design and balance that hardcore gamers enjoyed back in the 20th century. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] FPS Story Rich Action Singleplayer Steampunk Atmospheric Shooter First-Person Beautiful Alternate History Adventure Great Soundtrack Dystopian Sci-fi Time Travel Fantasy Gore Linear RPG Immersive
387990 Enter the creative paradise of Scrap Mechanic! Build fantastic machines, go on adventures with your friends and defend against waves of evil Farmbots in this imaginative multiplayer survival sandbox. With Scrap Mechanic’s powerful creation tools you can engineer your own adventures! PLEASE NOTE: We’re still hard at work on Scrap Mechanic! New content is being added and optimizations being made regularly. Get started right away in Survival Mode, Creative Mode and Challenge Mode! Please watch the latest Scrap Mechanic trailers to see the game’s latest state. Tool up and enter the creative paradise of Scrap Mechanic! Build fantastic machines, go on adventures with your friends and defend against evil Farmerbots in this imaginative multiplayer survival sandbox. With Scrap Mechanic’s powerful creation tools you can engineer your own adventures! ‘Be a robot mechanic’, they said. ‘Easy money’, they said. We’re pretty sure the job description didn’t mention crash landing on a far away planet, with thousands of crazed worker robots out for blood! You’re stranded on a faraway agriculture planet where the Farmbots working the fields have gone haywire. With your tool belt tightly fastened, there’s only one way to survive: using your quick thinking, creativity and a wily knack of turning your surroundings to your advantage! Survival Mode! In Survival Mode mechanics explore a dynamically generated open-world environment filled with enemies, treasure and dangerous robots! Team up with friends and build bases to protect yourself and your valuables. The most creative will survive! Challenge Mode! Put your imagination to the test in the Master Mechanic Trials, an amazing roster of 40 fun and testing challenges which every wannabe mechanic should master before embarking on the wide-open world. Plus create your own challenges and share them with friends! Creative Mode! Choose from over 400+ building parts and create a transforming vehicle, a walking house or anything you and your friends can imagine! Scrap Mechanic mod support offers an easy way to download over 1000+ new player made building parts for your creations! For all the latest news, follow us on: Twitter Facebook For more info: ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'Simulation', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Includes level editor', 'Family Sharing'] Building Sandbox Multiplayer Survival Open World Physics Crafting Base-Building Co-op First-Person Adventure Singleplayer Third Person Funny Simulation Early Access Action Indie Moddable Online Co-Op
466560 Northgard is a critically acclaimed strategy game based on Norse mythology. Lead your clan, uncover the secrets of a mysterious newfound continent and defeat your enemies to conquer the Throne! FREE MAJOR UPDATES SINCE LAUNCH ⬇ 9. Bifröst - 2024 New game mode. Rally your friends, gear up, and join the race across realms to stop the Vanir’s assault! This mode welcomes up to 4 players, each with customizable skills, buildings, and perks. 8. Trials of Odin - 2023 In what is surely one of the most biggest and most impactful free updates we've released to date, you'll be greeted with new conquests, new warchiefs, massive clan overhauls/reworks, tons of balancing and more... 7. Sword &amp; Solace - 2022 Sword &amp; Solace brings significant improvements to the game's UI, aiming to unify options and information across different game modes. It also introduces a revamped Multiplayer GP system, enhanced Military aspects with more strategic choices and unique unit abilities. 6. Kröwns &amp; Daggers - 2021 The Kröwns and Daggers update brings a host of new features, gameplay additions and even a new neutral faction to Northgard, with an increased focus on diplomacy, and a complete overhaul of how you develop and maintain relations with your fellow factions! 5. Expeditions - 2021 This patch introduces a new way to enjoy Northgard content and free cosmetics you can craft with in-game rewards! (And only ever via in game rewards, you will never have to pay money for these cosmetics). 4. Map Editor - 2020 The Map Editor update stands as one of our biggest updates yet and whole new level of customization to Northgard, allowing you to create and modify battlefields almost limitlessly, populating your maps with buildings, resources, decorations and AI factions of your choosing alongside full control over the visual design and layout of the map. 3. Conquest - 2019 Northgard Conquest is a standalone game-mode that can be played solo or co-op, with a succession of various challenges offering a gaming expansion of +100 hours. The difficulty of the co-op mode will be based on strong collaboration between players. Forget the lore, choose your clan and let's fight! 2. Relics - 2019 For some of them it happened as dream, for others as vision. For all it was a gift. And since that day, guided by the Gods, the sledgehammers resonate day and night through Northgard… The creation of Relics has been rediscovered! 1. Ragnarok - 2018 The map you’ll be playing on when choosing Ragnarok is completely devastated. Your path towards your opponents may be guarded by dangerous creatures! The center of the map is occupied by a new special tile: the Volcano. We also added a new music for this map! About the Game After years of tireless exploration, brave Vikings have discovered a new land filled with mystery, danger and riches: Northgard. The boldest Northmen have set sail to explore and conquer these new shores, bring fame to their Clan and write history through conquest, trading, or devotion to the Gods. Build your settlement on the newly discovered continent of Northgard! Assign your Vikings to various jobs and manage your resources carefully to survive harsh winters and ferocious foes. Expand your clan strategically by chasing conquest, fame, lore or trade victory. Survive and conquer the unforgiving wilderness of Northgard by mastering the unique attributes of the many different clans that inhabit the continent! Each clan has its own unique specificities, bonuses and features, introducing new ways of playing and methods to achieve victory. Conquest mode. Choose your clan and fight through a number of unique scenarios and situations! Northgard Conquest is a standalone game mode that can be played solo or co-op, with a succession of various challenges offering a gaming expansion of +100 hours. Multiplayer mode. Play in multiplayer with or against your friends in various game modes! Pick the lobby you want and face off against other players to experience a unique level of challenges. If you’re a veteran at the game, test your might in ranked lobbies to prove you’re the real king of Northgard! Story mode. The Viking High King is murdered and his Regal Horn is stolen by a man named Hagen. This event kickstarts a saga that will take Rig, his son and heir accompanied by his right-hand man Brand through the new continent of Northgard to discover the reasons behind his father’s assassination. ['Adventure', 'Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Includes level editor', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy City Builder Simulation RTS Base-Building Colony Sim Building Multiplayer Economy Tactical 4X War Management PvP Co-op Singleplayer Vikings Moddable PvE Resource Management
232770 Take control of The POSTAL Dude in his infamous first outing as he battles to survive in a world gone mad! POSTAL is a classic isometric shooter filled to the brim with fast-paced explosive action. Take control of The POSTAL Dude in his infamous first outing as he battles to survive in a world gone mad! POSTAL is a classic isometric shooter filled to the brim with fast-paced explosive action. Crazed gunmen out for your blood await you around every corner, and your only choice is to get them before they get you. Fight back with a destructive arsenal as make your way through a violence-stricken town. It's time to go POSTAL! New control options - use your mouse or dual analog sticks. None of that tank control insanity! Get your friends together for LAN Multiplayer - co-op or deathmatch for up to 16 players. Blast your way through 22 levels: Includes the original 16 level campaign, 4 from the Special Delivery expansion and 2 previously Japanese-exclusive levels. Test yourself with one of 22 bonus Challenge stages, across 4 categories. Or play through all of them in The Gauntlet. 9 devastating weapons: Defend yourself with varied tools of mayhem. Take aim with the Scatter Gun! Clear out rooms with Grenades, Mines, and the almighty Napalm Launcher! Whip out Heatseeker Rockets for those big groups! Wide range of foes: Defend yourself from Molotov-tossing Grenadiers, gun-toting Infantryman, rocket-firing Heavy-Weapons Experts (don't forget to duck!), and angry Ostriches! Non-stop, guns-blazing, adrenaline-fueled action! Fully-voiced Japanese audio available! ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Family Sharing'] Horror Villain Protagonist Psychological Horror Top-Down Shooter Twin Stick Shooter Shooter Isometric Difficult Dark Humor Dark Comedy Top-Down Surreal Action Psychological 1990's Linear Atmospheric Hand-drawn Comedy Level Editor
223470 Live a week in the life of 'The POSTAL Dude'; a hapless everyman just trying to check off some chores. Buying milk, returning an overdue library book, getting Gary Coleman's autograph, what could possibly go wrong? Workshop and Controller Support Update Notes Updates since release on Steam in 2013 Added Full controller support Steam Workshop integration Many features to the POSTed SDK that make creating workshop content easier The ability to play all seven days of POSTAL 2 and Apocalypse weekend in one playthrough Apocalypse weekend’s dismemberment feature to the entire seven days Twelve new weapons courtesy of the Eternal Damnation mod Greater variation in NPC and Zombies. They have a bigger variety of voices, more animations and improved interactions with each other and The Dude 68 Steam Achievement Improved widescreen compatibility, including tripled headed setups FoV slider,Triple Buffering and V-sync to the video options Footstep sounds that change on different surface types Holiday events for St Patrick's day, Valentine’s day, Easter and Halloween Much, much more! Fixed Thousands of minor mapping and code issues, and a few not so minor Various crashes could occur when dismembering NPCs Massive framerate drops when any fluid type collided with physics objects and exploding cars Exploding cars using incorrect collision And so much more! About the Game Live a week in the life of 'The POSTAL Dude'; a hapless everyman just trying to check off some chores. Buying milk, returning an overdue library book, getting Gary Coleman's autograph, what could possibly go wrong? Blast, chop and piss your way through a freakshow of American caricatures in this darkly humorous first-person adventure. Meet Krotchy: the toy mascot gone bad, visit your Uncle Dave at his besieged religious cult compound and battle sewer-dwelling Taliban when you least expect them! Endure the sphincter-clenching challenge of cannibal rednecks, corrupt cops and berserker elephants. Accompanied by Champ, the Dude's semi-loyal pitbull, battle your way through open environments populated with amazingly unpredictable AI. Utilize an arsenal of weapons ranging from a humble shovel to a uniquely hilarious rocket launcher. Collect a pack of attack dogs! Use cats as silencers! Piss and pour gasoline on anything and everyone! YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO! Key Features Aggressive vs. Passive: POSTAL 2 is only as violent as you are. One large non-linear world. Explore the world and accomplish your errands at your own pace. Interact with Non-Player Characters Survival Mode: If you choose to play as a pacifist, you will still have to deal with the NPC's who may also go POSTAL! Based on the Unreal Editor: Easy to use and very powerful, with many mods already available from the community. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Includes level editor', 'Family Sharing'] Violent Dark Humor Open World Mature First-Person Funny Comedy Sandbox Moddable Third Person Gore FPS Action Dark Comedy Multiplayer Singleplayer Shooter Classic Adventure Satire
1332010 Lost, alone and separated from family, a stray cat must untangle an ancient mystery to escape a long-forgotten cybercity and find their way home. Lost, alone and separated from family, a stray cat must untangle an ancient mystery to escape a long-forgotten city. Stray is a third-person cat adventure game set amidst the detailed, neon-lit alleys of a decaying cybercity and the murky environments of its seedy underbelly. Roam surroundings high and low, defend against unforeseen threats and solve the mysteries of this unwelcoming place inhabited by curious droids and dangerous creatures. See the world through the eyes of a cat and interact with the environment in playful ways. Be stealthy, nimble, silly, and sometimes as annoying as possible with the strange inhabitants of this mysterious world. Along the way, the cat befriends a small flying drone, known only as B-12. With the help of this newfound companion, the duo must find a way out. Stray is developed by BlueTwelve Studio, a small team from the south of France mostly made up of cats and a handful of humans. ['Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Cats Adventure Atmospheric Cyberpunk Singleplayer Cute Exploration Robots Beautiful Puzzle Third Person Horror Sci-fi Indie Dystopian Open World Mystery Action Colorful Stealth
204360 Hack, slash, and smash your way to victory in this award winning 2D arcade adventure from The Behemoth! Hack, slash, and smash your way to victory in this newly updated edition of the insanely popular 2D arcade adventure from The Behemoth! Up to four friends can play locally or online and save your princess, defend your kingdom, and crash some castles! With the new Barbarian Makeover Update, Castle Crashers now delivers uncapped framerate and a new Ultra texture quality mode. We even built a new, fast-paced multiplayer minigame just for you and your friends! Key Features: (NEW!) Back Off Barbarian mini game: Jump and hop across the level to avoid the enemies! Unlock more than 25 characters and over 40 weapons! Intuitive combo and magic system: Unlock an arsenal of new attacks as your character progresses through the game. Level up your character and adjust Strength, Magic, Defense, and Agility. Adorable animal orbs are your companions. Each adds different abilities to aid you on your journey. Arena mode: Battle other players in free-for-all or team matches! Insane Mode: Test your skills in the ultimate campaign challenge Necromantic Pack (includes Necromancer and Cult Minion characters) King Pack (includes The King and Open-Faced Gray Knight) Also includes: Alien Hominid playable character Ultra Graphics: A new optional texture quality setting located in the Game Settings Menu. Once the game has been updated, this mode will not be on by default. Players must go to the Game Settings menu and manually toggle it on. Please note, this setting will not perform the same on all systems. It is intended for use on high spec gaming systems and requires a 64-bit OS. So use at your own risk! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Shared/Split Screen PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] 2D Online Co-Op Co-op Beat 'em up Hack and Slash Funny Adventure 4 Player Local Local Co-Op Multiplayer Local Multiplayer Action Singleplayer Medieval Cartoony Cute Comedy RPG Arcade Casual
1046930 Hire a crew and destroy your rivals in this new strategy battler set in the world of Dota. Introducing Season One: Explore White Spire and earn rewards on the Battle Pass. Pick from several different game modes, play on your own or with friends, and take advantage of crossplay on PC and mobile. NEXT GENERATION AUTO-BATTLER In Dota Underlords, strategic decisions matter more than twitch reflexes. Underlords includes compelling singleplayer and multiplayer modes, and offers level progression with rewards. Play a strategic Standard game, a quick Knockout match, or co-op Duos match with a friend. SEASON ONE NOW AVAILABLE Season One comes with a City Crawl full of content, a Battle Pass full of rewards, and multiple ways to play online or offline. Dota Underlords is now out of Early Access and ready to play! CITY CRAWL Mama Eeb’s death has left a power vacuum in White Spire. Take back the city neighborhood by neighborhood, Underlord by Underlord, in the new City Crawl campaign. Complete puzzle challenges, win quick street-fights, and complete in-game challenges to clear paths and take over the city. Unlock rewards like new outfits for your Underlords, new wanted poster artwork, victory dances, and titles. BATTLEPASS Season One comes with a full Battle Pass offering over 100 rewards. Play matches, complete challenges, and unlock areas of the City Crawl to level up your Battle Pass and earn rewards. Rewards include new boards, weather effects, profile customization, skins, and other gameplay cosmetics. Many of these rewards can be earned for free simply by playing the game. For more rewards and content, players can purchase the Battle Pass for $4.99 on all platforms. The paid Battle Pass is not required to play the game, nor does it provide any gameplay specific advantage. WHITE SPIRE AWAITS A LEADER... A vertical metropolis of gambling and grit, just beyond the reach of Stonehall and Revtel; White Spire is known as a smugglers' paradise with loose morals and colorful residents to spare. Despite being overrun with syndicates, gangs, and secret societies, White Spire has never descended into chaos for one reason: Momma Eeb. She was respected... she was loved... and unfortunately, she was murdered last week. Eeb’s death has sent one question rippling through White Spire’s underworld: who is going to run the city? STRATEGIZE TO WIN: Recruit heroes and upgrade them into more powerful versions of themselves. MIX AND MATCH: Each hero you recruit can form unique alliances. Stacking your team with allied heroes will unlock powerful bonuses that can crush your rivals. UNDERLORDS: Choose from four Underlords to lead your crew to victory. Underlords are powerful units who fight on the field alongside your crew, and they each bring their own playstyle, perks, and abilities to the table. CROSSPLAY: Play on your platform of choice and battle players across the globe in a hassle-free crossplay experience. Running late? Start a match on your PC and finish it on your mobile device (and vice versa). Your profile in Dota Underlords is shared across all devices, so no matter what you play on, you're always making progress. RANKED MATCHMAKING: Everyone starts at the bottom, but by playing against other Underlords you'll climb through the ranks and prove you're worthy to rule White Spire. TOURNAMENT-READY: Create your own private lobbies and matches, then invite spectators to watch 8 Underlords duke it out. OFFLINE PLAY: Offering a sophisticated AI with 4 levels of difficulty, offline play is a great place to hone your skills. Pause and resume games at your leisure. SEASONAL ROTATION: Every season we'll say goodbye to certain Heroes, Items, and Alliances to make room for new additions that will shape the ever-evolving world of Underlords. ['Casual', 'Free To Play', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] Free to Play Strategy Auto Battler Casual Multiplayer Tactical Chess Turn-Based Tactics Turn-Based Mature Competitive Fantasy Board Game Card Game Deckbuilding Singleplayer PvP Co-op Automation MOBA
629760 MORDHAU is a multiplayer medieval slasher. Create your mercenary and fight in brutal battles where you will experience fast paced combat, castle sieges, cavalry charges, and more. MORDHAU is a medieval first &amp; third person multiplayer slasher. Enter a hectic battlefield of up to 64 players as a mercenary in a fictional, but realistic world, where you will get to experience the brutal and satisfying melee combat that will have you always coming back for more. Features: Massive battles: From small-scale engagements to 64-player all-out war in modes such as Frontline and Invasion . Cooperative &amp; offline play: Fight waves of enemies alongside your friends in the cooperative Horde mode , or practice your skills offline against AI. Free-form melee and ranged combat: Gain complete control over your character and attacks and develop your unique style. In-depth character customization: Sculpt your face, create your weapon from parts, and pick out individual pieces of armor to create the perfect warrior. Huge arsenal of weapons &amp; equipment: Take on enemies with a greatsword, rain arrows from above, or even sit back and build fortifications. Fight anywhere: Experience cavalry charges, fight on ladders, and operate siege engines such as the catapult and ballista. Visceral and gory combat: Feel the impact of every blow, and send limbs flying as you wreak havoc upon your foes. (Blood &amp; gore are optional) Believable fights: A game where fights look believable, MORDHAU strikes a balance between gameplay and realism. ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Stats', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] Medieval Multiplayer First-Person Swordplay Gore PvP Online Co-Op Action Fighting PvE Character Customization Hack and Slash Third Person Team-Based Realistic Competitive Historical Indie FPS Survival
304390 Fight alone or with friends in For Honor, a third-person hero-based melee fighting game. Enter the chaos of war as a Knight, a Viking, a Samurai, a Wu Lin, or an Outlander. Fight in brutal PvP and team-oriented modes, or play the thrilling story campaign. COMPARISON GRID ULTIMATE EDITION Choose the Ultimate Edition which includes 12 additional heroes with unique playstyles to get the best experience in For Honor! GOLD EDITION Choose the Gold Edition which includes six additional heroes with unique playstyles to upgrade your For Honor experience! STANDARD EDITION This pack includes heroes from the standard edition of For Honor. About the Game MASTER THE ART OF BATTLE Feel the power of every strike with the highly technical Art of Battle control system. Wield your blade according to your style: swift Assassin, tanky Heavy, versatile Vanguard, or technical Hybrid. A NEVER-ENDING GAME Enjoy an ever-evolving experience with more than 30 heroes, five factions, 18 maps, seasonal events, thousands of gear items, cross-platform play, and more! PERSONALIZE YOUR HEROES Unlock rewards and customize your heroes with thousands of different weapons, emblems, and more! MEMORABLE STORY CAMPAIGN Storm castles and fortresses in massive battles and confront bosses in intense duels. Choose the Ultimate Edition to get the best experience, with 12 additional heroes! ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support'] Medieval Swordplay Action Multiplayer Fighting PvP Third Person War Gore Co-op Singleplayer Online Co-Op Hack and Slash Realistic Strategy Atmospheric RPG Fantasy MOBA Story Rich
466240 Test your instincts at trust and deception in an action-filled, multiplayer first-person shooter. You wake up in unknown surroundings to the sound of the Game Master’s unfamiliar voice, surrounded by five others. A third of your group have been infected with a virus, but who will escape? Deceit tests your instincts at trust and deception in an action-filled, multiplayer first-person shooter. You wake up in unknown surroundings to the sound of the Game Master’s unfamiliar voice. Surrounded by five others, a third of your group have been infected with the Game Master’s deadly virus and tasked with taking down the other innocent players. Innocents must stay alert, traverse the three zones and escape through the safety hatch as the infected try to pick you off one by one. When playing as an innocent, you’ll progress through the map and come across items to help you survive as you advance towards the exit. However, you will need to decide which of these are most valuable to you, and whether to collaborate or fight with other players to get your hands on them. Every decision gives you more information on your teammates and what side they’re likely to be on. A test of strategy and skill, innocents must work together to gather weapons, secure objectives and vote out those suspected of infection to strengthen their chances of survival. But the environment has been setup to cause conflict amongst the group, creating doubt about the true intentions of players. The infected will be busy collecting blood and trying to cover up their sabotage attempts, whilst the innocents will be keeping an eye out for suspicious behaviour and attempting to make alliances with those they think they can trust. At the end of each zone, a blackout period occurs, allowing the infected players to transform into their terror form and attack. You’ll need this form to kill innocent players. In terror form you’re faster, stronger, and have better vision than your innocent victims and with an array of intense killing animations you’ll be able to create some frightening but also amusing gameplay! Deceit combines the frenzy of fast paced combat mixed with strategic gameplay, and of course the psychological mind games of determining who you can trust. ['Action', 'Indie', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] PvP Multiplayer Horror Social Deduction Free to Play Choices Matter FPS Shooter First-Person Psychological Horror Strategy Funny Co-op Action Zombies Psychological Mystery Survival Survival Horror Atmospheric
601150 The ultimate Devil Hunter is back in style, in the game action fans have been waiting for. Devil May Cry 5 + Vergil The ultimate Devil Hunter is back in style, in the game action fans have been waiting for. Now includes the Playable Character: Vergil downloadable content (also available separately). A brand new entry in the legendary action series, Devil May Cry 5 brings together its signature blend of high-octane action and otherworldly original characters with the latest Capcom gaming technology to deliver a graphically groundbreaking action-adventure masterpiece. Please check your previous purchases to avoid duplication. Devil May Cry 5 Deluxe + Vergil The ultimate Devil Hunter is back in style, in the game action fans have been waiting for. The Deluxe Edition includes the full game, Playable Character: Vergil (also available separately), and the following additional content: - Devil Breaker weapons: Gerbera GP01, Pasta Breaker, Sweet Surrender, Mega Buster - Dante weapon: Cavaliere R - Battle music: 3 tracks each from Devil May Cry, Devil May Cry 2, Devil May Cry 3, and Devil May Cry 4 - Alternative voices: Style Rank Announcers, Title Calls - Live Action Cutscenes Note: Devil Breakers and alternative music/voices/cutscenes are usable from mission 2 onwards. Dante weapon Cavaliere R can be used after acquiring the the Cavaliere. Use the Gallery &gt; Jukebox option to change music/voices and the Options &gt; Cutscene Customize option to change cutscenes. Live Action Cutscenes voice audio is in Japanese only. Please check your previous purchases to avoid duplication. Digital Deluxe Edition About the Game The Devil you know returns in this brand new entry in the over-the-top action series available on the PC. Prepare to get downright demonic with this signature blend of high-octane stylized action and otherworldly &amp; original characters the series is known for. Director Hideaki Itsuno and the core team have returned to create the most insane, technically advanced and utterly unmissable action experience of this generation! The threat of demonic power has returned to menace the world once again in Devil May Cry 5 . The invasion begins when the seeds of a “demon tree” take root in Red Grave City. As this hellish incursion starts to take over the city, a young demon hunter Nero, arrives with his partner Nico in their “Devil May Cry” motorhome. Finding himself without the use of his right arm, Nero enlists Nico, a self-professed weapons artist, to design a variety of unique mechanical Devil Breaker arms to give him extra powers to take on evil demons such as the blood sucking flying Empusa and giant colossus enemy Goliath. FEATURES High octane stylized action – Featuring three playable characters each with a radically different stylish combat play style as they take on the city overrun with demons Groundbreaking graphics – Developed with Capcom’s in-house proprietary RE engine, the series continues to achieve new heights in fidelity with graphics that utilize photorealistic character designs and stunning lighting and environmental effects. Take down the demonic invasion – Battle against epic bosses in adrenaline fueled fights across the over-run Red Grave City all to the beat of a truly killer soundtrack. Demon hunter – Nero, one of the series main protagonists and a young demon hunter who has the blood of Sparda, heads to Red Grave City to face the hellish onslaught of demons, with weapons craftswoman and new partner-in-crime, Nico. Nero is also joined by stylish, legendary demon hunter, Dante and the mysterious new character, V. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'HDR available', 'Family Sharing'] Action Hack and Slash Great Soundtrack Character Action Game Demons Spectacle fighter Third Person Singleplayer Sexual Content Violent Nudity Story Rich Stylized Difficult Classic Gore Multiplayer Controller Adventure Anime
1407200 Jump into the free-to-play team-based shooter with an ever-expanding roster of historical vehicles, stunning graphics, spectacular locales, and orchestral scores. Show your mastery and face other players in thrilling PvP clashes. A unique mix of strategy and action awaits! Command over 600 machines from World War II through the mid-20th century and prove yourself against players from around the world. Dive into the ultimate action experience with epic PvP clashes, measured tactical decisions and thoughtful cooperation in your pursuit of victory! PICK YOUR TANK More than 600 tanks and military vehicles from history’s greatest tank-building nations are waiting for you! Choose from one of five vehicle types and familiarize yourself with their unique features and specialties. Find the perfect combination of vehicle and nation that fits your playstyle and be unstoppable! MASTER YOUR SKILLS Explore maps to find the best positions for your machine. Learn to aim for the opponents’ weak spots and to hide your own. Consider opposing vehicles and their tactical roles. Use it all to develop the best-fitting strategy to be the triumphant winner! PLAY ALONE OR TEAM UP Roll out and match up with random players or organize yourself a platoon and enjoy the exciting experience of playing with friends. Whichever you choose, have fun! UPGRADE AND CUSTOMIZE Unlock new modules, pick your equipment, and make vehicles truly yours with lots of customization options. Personalize your vehicles with historical camo, custom color schemes, emblems, and personal numbers. PLAY MULTIPLE GAME MODES Play on your own or join team clashes. Strive for fame and recognition and climb the leaderboards. Create your own clan and gather a company of playmates. Take part in special events and claim unique rewards. In World of Tanks, there's a mode for every playstyle and every player! 160 MILLION PEOPLE CAN’T BE WRONG Millions of players are having a blast in World of Tanks every day. Join the ever-growing community and meet new friends! ['Action', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'Simulation', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases'] Tanks Free to Play Action Military PvP Vehicular Combat Multiplayer Team-Based Tactical Massively Multiplayer War Historical World War II Simulation Co-op Realistic Shooter Third Person Third-Person Shooter PvE
391220 Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 Year Celebration includes the base game and Season Pass featuring all-new content. Explore Croft Manor in the new “Blood Ties” story, then defend it against a zombie invasion in “Lara’s Nightmare”. Rise of the Tomb Raider out now for macOS and Linux. VR support for “Blood Ties” story chapter now available on SteamVR! SteamVR support is now available for the “Blood Ties” story chapter from Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 Year Celebration! HTC Vive and Oculus Rift owners can now experience the “Blood Ties” single-player story chapter through the eyes of Lara Croft on SteamVR. If you ever wondered what it would be like to walk through the halls of Croft Manor, VR is the ultimate way to do so. SteamVR allows you to stand in the Manor’s main hall, explore Lord Croft’s office, and discover memories long thought lost in the lower basement levels of the home of Lara’s youth. Explore Lara’s childhood home in VR and uncover a Croft family mystery that will change her life forever. The SteamVR update is free and available now. The “Blood Ties” story chapter is included with Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 year Celebration. Owners of Rise of the Tomb Raider standard edition can purchase the standalone version of Blood Ties, which is included in the 20 Year Celebration pack DLC, or purchase the season pass. Season Pass BABA YAGA: THE TEMPLE OF THE WITCH - 3 hours of new story ENDURANCE MODE - The ultimate test of survival COLD DARKNESS AWAKENED - Battle waves of infected enemies EIGHT OUTFITS, SEVEN WEAPONS AND OVER 35 EXPEDITION CARDS NEW STORY CHAPTER: BLOOD TIES - Explore Croft Manor to reclaim Lara's legacy NEW CO-OP ENDURANCE MODE - Work together to survive the elements NEW LARA'S NIGHTMARE MODE - Fight hordes of zombies and defend Croft Manor ALL PREVIOUSLY RELEASED PRE-ORDER OUTFITS, WEAPONS AND EXPEDITION CARDS. FIVE CLASSIC LARA CROFT IN-GAME MODELS - PLAY AS YOUR FAVORITE IN EXPEDITION MODES! NEW EXTREME SURVIVOR DIFFICULTY SETTING FOR THE MAIN CAMPAIGN. NEW COLD WEATHER OUTFIT AND WEAPON INSPIRIED BY TOMB RAIDER III. Reviews and Accolades “Lara Croft’s Best Story Yet” - Mashable “The most fascinating action hero in video games today.” - IGN “Rise of the Tomb Raider is an adrenaline rush” - GameInformer “One of the best action adventure games out there” - Forbes “Rise of the Tomb Raider is everything I want a video game to be.” - VideoGamer “The best kind of action game.” - Game Revolution “Rise of the Tomb Raider is a blast to play.” - Gaming Age “Lara Croft is back, better than ever” - Gaming Trend “Magnificent. Intelligent, beautiful, varied and huge” - GamesRadar About the Game Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 Year Celebration includes the base game and Season Pass featuring all-new content. Explore Croft Manor in the new “Blood Ties” story, then defend it against a zombie invasion in “Lara’s Nightmare”. Survive extreme conditions with a friend in the new online Co-Op Endurance mode, and brave the new “Extreme Survivor” difficulty. Also features an outfit and weapon inspired by Tomb Raider III, and 5 classic Lara skins. Existing DLC will challenge you to explore a new tomb that houses an ancient terror in Baba Yaga: The Temple of the Witch, and combat waves of infected predators in Cold Darkness Awakened. KEY FEATURES: Lara’s Journey – Lara uncovers an ancient mystery that places her in the cross-hairs of a ruthless organization known as Trinity. As she races to find the secret before Trinity, the trail leads to a myth about the Lost City of Kitezh. Lara knows she must reach the Lost City and its hidden secrets before Trinity. With that, she sets out for Siberia on her first Tomb Raiding expedition. Woman vs. Wild – In “Rise of the Tomb Raider,” Lara battles with not only enemies from around the world, but the world itself. Hunt animals to craft weapons and scavenge for rare resources in densely populated ecosystems. You’ll encounter beautifully hostile environments, full of treacherous conditions and unstable landscapes that will require Lara to push her limits to the very edge. Guerilla Combat - Use the environment to your advantage, scale trees and dive underwater to avoid or takedown enemies, configure Lara’s gear, weapons, and ammo to suit your play style from stealth to guns blazing, craft explosives on the fly to sow chaos, and wield Lara’s signature combat bows and climbing axe. Return to Tomb Raiding – Tombs are back, and they’re bigger and better than ever. In “Rise of the Tomb Raider” you’ll explore huge, awe-inspiring ancient spaces littered with deadly traps, solve dramatic environmental puzzles, and decipher ancient texts to reveal crypts as you take on a world filled with secrets to discover. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Tracked Controller Support', 'VR Supported', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Adventure Action Female Protagonist Singleplayer Third Person Exploration Open World Action-Adventure Story Rich Survival Puzzle Stealth Atmospheric Third-Person Shooter Parkour Shooter RPG Multiplayer Great Soundtrack Quick-Time Events
219640 Besiege castles and raid villages in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, a fast-paced medieval first person slasher with a focus on multiplayer battles CHECK OUT CHIVALRY 2 About the Game AS OF APRIL 8, 2024, OFFICIAL SERVERS FOR CHIVALRY: MEDIEVAL WARFARE WILL BE SHUT DOWN. Unofficial / private servers can be created by community members and may be available for public players to use. Offline play with AI is also available. Besiege castles and raid villages in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, a fast-paced medieval first person slasher with a focus on multiplayer battles. Featuring competitive online combat that seeks to capture the experience of truly being on a medieval battlefield. Inspired from the intensity and epicness of swordfighting movies such as 300, Gladiator and Braveheart, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare aims to bring that experience to the hands of a gamer. The game is skill-based and controls like an FPS, but instead of guns and grenades, players are given swords, shields, maces, battleaxes and longbows. Set in a fictional, yet gritty and realistic world, players will fight in fast paced online battles besieging castles, raiding medieval villages and fighting for glory in the arena with up to 32 players. Key Features: Deep melee combat system provides players with a huge range of responsive combat options Adjust your attacks and blocks in real time with the mouse for precise and full control of the action Wield an arsenal of up to 60 brutal weapons ranging from broad swords and battle axes to longbows and javelins Dynamic objective system brings team tactics and strategy to the forefront as players batter down gates, raid villages and assassinate enemy royalty to achieve victory. Use a variety of siege weapons ranging from catapults, boiling oil, ballista, battering rams and more Vast, lush environments that transport the player to a gritty and immersive medieval world. Offline play options that allow players to gain familiarity with the controls and gameplay before being thrust into the action. ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Multi-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Medieval Multiplayer Action Gore First-Person Swordplay Violent PvP Indie Third Person Competitive Team-Based Hack and Slash Co-op Historical FPS Class-Based Atmospheric Simulation Difficult
2050650 Survival is just the beginning. Six years have passed since the biological disaster in Raccoon City. Leon S. Kennedy, one of the survivors, tracks the president's kidnapped daughter to a secluded European village, where there is something terribly wrong with the locals. Resident Evil 4 Gold Edition Notes: - Items contained in this set can be purchased individually. Please take care to avoid duplicate purchases. - Please update Resident Evil 4 to the latest patch before playing Separate Ways or using the Extra DLC Pack. Resident Evil 4 Gold Edition includes Resident Evil 4 and two additional items of content: Separate Ways, where you experience the story through Ada Wong's perspective, and the Extra DLC Pack, which contains additional character outfits as well as useful weapons and items. Resident Evil 4: 6 years have passed since the biological disaster in Raccoon City. Leon S. Kennedy tracks the president's missing daughter to a secluded European village, where there is something terribly wrong with the villagers. Featuring modernized gameplay, a reimagined storyline, and vividly detailed graphics, Resident Evil 4 marks the rebirth of an industry juggernaut. Relive the nightmare that revolutionized survival horror. Separate Ways: Play as Ada Wong in this additional scenario, filling in unanswered questions posed in the main story. With her mission to retrieve the Amber looming over her, which path will she choose? Extra DLC Pack: - Leon &amp; Ashley Costumes: 'Casual' - Leon &amp; Ashley Costumes: 'Romantic' - Leon Costume &amp; Filter: 'Hero' - Leon Costume &amp; Filter: 'Villain' - Leon Accessory: 'Sunglasses (Sporty)' - Deluxe Weapon: 'Sentinel Nine' - Deluxe Weapon: 'Skull Shaker' - 'Original Ver.' Soundtrack Swap - Treasure Map: Expansion About the Game Survival is just the beginning. Six years have passed since the biological disaster in Raccoon City. Agent Leon S. Kennedy, one of the survivors of the incident, has been sent to rescue the president's kidnapped daughter. He tracks her to a secluded European village, where there is something terribly wrong with the locals. And the curtain rises on this story of daring rescue and grueling horror where life and death, terror and catharsis intersect. Featuring modernized gameplay, a reimagined storyline, and vividly detailed graphics, Resident Evil 4 marks the rebirth of an industry juggernaut. Relive the nightmare that revolutionized survival horror. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'HDR available', 'Family Sharing'] Horror Action Survival Horror Third-Person Shooter Singleplayer Zombies Story Rich Survival Cinematic Dark Remake Realistic Gore Resource Management Third Person Adventure Violent VR Action-Adventure Psychological Horror
677620 Splitgate is a free-to-play, fast-paced multiplayer shooter that features player-controlled portals. This sci-fi shooter takes the FPS genre to a new dimension with its portal mechanics, delivering high-flying, multi-dimensional combat. Splitgate is a free-to-play, fast-paced multiplayer shooter that features player-controlled portals. This sci-fi shooter takes the FPS genre to a new dimension with its portal mechanics, delivering high-flying, multi-dimensional combat. Evoking memories of the most revered shooters of the past two decades, Splitgate embraces the classic and familiar feel of close-quarters combat while adding a unique twist. Portal Combat: a New Kind of Shooter Keep your head on a swivel and experience intense, traversal action as you fly, flank, and frag through the air using portal combat to constantly out-smart and out-maneuver your enemies. There’s nothing quite like landing a no-scope headshot from behind after portalling circles around a confused enemy, who still thinks you are standing in front of him! Comprehensive, Feature-Filled Multiplayer Experience for FREE Along with grindable challenges, dozens of customizable characters, a competitive leaderboard and ranking system, and over 15 casual and competitive game modes, Splitgate offers more than 20 maps, each with its own unique setting and play style. The maps include a research facility inside an active volcano, an underwater luxury hotel, an alien crash site, and much more. Each map has its own look and feel and plays differently, rewarding players for adapting their tactics in the fast-paced, portal combat that only Splitgate offers. And it’s FREE. Party Up with Your Friends Across Multiple Platforms Cross-play functionality lets you play with or against your friends across multiple consoles and PCs. Standard FPS controls and intuitive portal mechanics mean beginners are up and running right off the bat, and with competitive and casual modes, you can party up with friends of any skill level. You can even create a custom lobby with modifiers to play any way you like. We highly recommend Big-Head Mode with low gravity and unlimited ammo! ['Action', 'Free To Play', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Captions available', 'In-App Purchases'] Free to Play FPS Multiplayer Arena Shooter Shooter Action Fast-Paced First-Person PvP Competitive Sci-fi Indie Team-Based e-sports Tactical Strategy Online Co-Op Physics Co-op Violent
2183900 Embody the superhuman skill and brutality of a Space Marine. Unleash deadly abilities and devastating weaponry to obliterate the relentless Tyranid swarms. Defend the Imperium in spectacular third-person action in solo or multiplayer modes. EDITIONS BREAKDOWN About the Game Embody the superhuman skill and brutality of a Space Marine. Unleash deadly abilities and devastating weaponry to obliterate the relentless Tyranid swarms. Defend the Imperium in spectacular third-person action in solo or multiplayer modes. Fight the enemies of Mankind as Lieutenant Demetrian Titus in this sequel to 2011’s Space Marine, and prove your loyalty once again as you are reinstated to the Ultramarines. Hold at bay the horrors of the galaxy in epic battles on far-flung planets and uncover dark secrets to drive back the everlasting night. Dive into a war of galactic proportions! Enjoy intense, gory and fast-paced third-person action with hundreds of enemies on screen, and purge the relentless Tyranid swarms made possible by Saber’s trademark Swarm Engine. Jump in endlessly brutal and replayable PvE and PvP modes as your own Space Marines, unlocking new skills and cosmetics the more you play! Fight as one of six unique classes, unlock up to 25 perks for each class, add perks to each of your weapons, and customise your appearance with a huge array of armour and weapon cosmetics! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Warhammer 40K Action Third-Person Shooter Multiplayer Co-op PvE Adventure Action-Adventure Third Person Sci-fi Wargame 3D War Fantasy Space Narration Singleplayer Realistic Cinematic Futuristic
594570 Strategy gaming perfected. A breath-taking campaign of exploration, expansion and conquest across a fantasy world. Turn-based civilisation management and real-time epic strategy battles with thousands of troops and monsters at your command. Total War Academy About the Game DEFEND YOUR WORLD. DESTROY THEIRS. Total War: WARHAMMER II is a strategy game of titanic proportions. Choose from four unique, varied factions and wage war your way – mounting a campaign of conquest to save or destroy a vast and vivid fantasy world. This is a game of two halves – one a turn-based open-world campaign, and the other intense, tactical real-time battles across the fantastical landscapes of the New World. Play how you choose – delve into a deep engrossing campaign, experience unlimited replayability and challenge the world in multiplayer with a custom army of your favourite units. Total War: WARHAMMER II offers hundreds of hours of gameplay and no two games are the same. World-Spanning Conquest Engage in statecraft, diplomacy, exploration and build your empire, turn by turn. Capture, build and manage teeming settlements and recruit vast armies. Level up Legendary Lords and Heroes and arm them with mythical weapons and armour. Negotiate alliances or declare Total War to subjugate any that stand between you and your goal. Epic Real-Time Battles Command thousands-strong legions of soldiers in intense tactical battles. Send forth ferocious, twisted monsters, fire-breathing dragons and harness powerful magic. Utilise military strategies, lay ambushes, or use brute force to turn the tide of combat and lead your forces to victory. The second in a trilogy and sequel to the award-winning Total War: WARHAMMER, Total War: WARHAMMER II brings players a breath-taking new narrative campaign, set across the vast continents of Lustria, Ulthuan, Naggaroth and the Southlands. The Great Vortex Campaign builds pace to culminate in a definitive and climactic endgame, an experience unlike any other Total War title to date. Playing as one of 8 Legendary Lords across 4 iconic races from the world of Warhammer Fantasy Battles, players must succeed in performing a series of powerful arcane rituals in order to stabilise or disrupt The Great Vortex, while foiling the progress of the other races. Each Legendary Lord has a unique geographical starting position, and each race offers a distinctive new playstyle with unique campaign mechanics, narrative, methods of war, armies, monsters, Lores of Magic, legendary characters, and staggering new battlefield army abilities. Shortly after launch, owners of both the original game and Total War™ WARHAMMER II will gain access to the colossal third campaign. Exploring a single open-world epic map covering the Old World and the New World, players may embark on monumental campaigns as any owned Race from both titles. Conquer the world, together Each of the Races in Total War™ WARHAMMER II will be playable in single and multiplayer campaign, plus custom and multiplayer battles. As the two Legendary Lords for each race all have their own unique campaign start positions, you’ll be able to play a 2-player co-op campaign as the same race. If you own both parts 1 and 2, you’ll be able to play in multiplayer as any of the races you own. The World of Total War: WARHAMMER II Millennia ago, besieged by a Chaos invasion, a conclave of High Elf mages forged a vast, arcane vortex. Its purpose was to draw the Winds of Magic from the world as a sinkhole drains an ocean, and blast the Daemonic hordes back to the Realm of Chaos. Now the Great Vortex falters, and the world again stands at the brink of ruin. Powerful forces move to heal the maelstrom and avert catastrophe. Yet others seek to harness its terrible energies for their own bitter purpose. The race is on, and the very fate of the world will lie in the hands of the victor. Prince Tyrion, Defender of Ulthuan, guides the High Elves in their desperate efforts to stabilise the vortex as it roils above their home continent. Atop his palanquin-throne, the Slann Mage-Priest Mazdamundi directs his Lizardmen war-hosts as they surge northward from Lustria. He, too, is intent on preventing cataclysm, though the methods of The Old Ones must prevail. The Witch King Malekith and his sadistic Dark Elf hordes spew forth from Naggaroth and their labyrinthine Black Arks. He tastes great weakness in the vortex – and great opportunity in its demise. Meanwhile the Skaven, led by Queek Headtaker, stir in their foetid subterranean tunnels. There they multiply unchecked and look hungrily towards the surface, their motives obscured. The time for revelation is nigh… Four races, four outcomes, a single goal: control of the Great Vortex, for good or ill. ['Action', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'LAN PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy Fantasy Turn-Based Strategy RTS Grand Strategy War Multiplayer Games Workshop Action Turn-Based Singleplayer Dark Fantasy Co-op Tactical Real Time Tactics Story Rich Atmospheric Dwarf Dinosaurs Great Soundtrack
244210 Assetto Corsa v1.16 introduces the new 'Laguna Seca' laser-scanned track, 7 new cars among which the eagerly awaited Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio! Check the changelog for further info! NEXT GENERATION RACING SIMULATOR Assetto Corsa features an advanced DirectX 11 graphics engine that recreates an immersive environment, dynamic lighthing and realistic materials and surfaces. The advanced physics engine is being designed to provide a very realistic driving experience, including features and aspects of real cars, never seen on any other racing simulator such as tyre flat spots, heat cycles including graining and blistering, very advanced aerodynamic simulation with active movable aerodynamics parts controlled in real time by telemetry input channels, hybrid systems with kers and energy recovery simulation. Extremely detailed with single player and multiplayer options, exclusive licensed cars reproduced with the best accuracy possible, thanks to the official cooperation of Car Manufacturers. ASSETTO CORSA has been developed at the KUNOS Simulazioni R&amp;D office, located just inside the international racing circuit of Vallelunga, allowing the team to develop the game with the cooperation of real world racing drivers and racing teams. LEGENDARY TRACKS The circuits have been developed using Laser scan technology, in order to guarantee the highest level of accuracy possible in reproducing real world motor racing environments. Monza, Silverstone, Imola, Mugello, Spa, Brands Hatch and many more tracks, including the historical reproduction of Monza, that brings again to life the legendary Sopraelevata, the high-speed oval where races were staged until 1961. EXCLUSIVE CARS The Assetto Corsa physics engine is all new, using practical knowledge acquired from working closely with the elite of motorsport in order to engineer the best possible accuracy of physics and tactility of feeling. A physics engine like this begs to be used with officially licensed contents: Abarth, Audi, BMW, Classic Team Lotus, Ferrari, KTM, Lamborghini, Lotus cars, McLaren, Mercedes, Scuderia Glickenhaus, Pagani, Porsche, Tatuus and many more! HARDWARE COMPATIBILITY Enjoy ASSETTO CORSA using any kind of game device: keyboard, joypad, joystick, steering wheels including any kind of professional device and the most common motion systems. ASSETTO CORSA is also compatible and ready for Oculus and OpenVR/VIVE, triple monitor view, Track IR and 3D VISION. GAMEPLAY &amp; FEATURES Assetto Corsa includes a career mode, a list of special and unique events and challenges, as well as a fully customizable, single player and multiplayer modes featuring quick races, custom championships, race weekends including free practice session, qualifying session and race. Drag races, drift challenges and much more! Four driving assist profiles (gamer, racer, pro, plus a fully-customizable profile) allow any kind of player to enjoy the simulation at their desired level. Advanced setup options and telemetry for data analysis; dynamic simulation of the tyre rubber deposited on track, depending on the car laps; an adjustable time of the day mode, featuring sun position calculated in realtime, depending by geographical coordinates of the track and by the sun curve according to time and date, in order to get the same light conditions of the real tracks! MODDING &amp; CUSTOMIZATION Assetto Corsa will allow for considerable customisation and modification, in order to satisfy the expectations of professional simracers, gamers who prefer to approach the driving experience more progressively, and hobbyists who just like to reproduce and share their cars and tracks, taking advantage of the same editing tools developed and used by the developers of the game. Available content: CARS PRODUCTION - Abarth 595 EsseEsse (3 variants) - Abarth 500 EsseEsse (2 variants) - Alfa Romeo 33 Stradale - Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio - Alfa Romeo Giulietta QV - Alfa Romeo Giulietta QV Launch Edition - Alfa Romeo MiTo QV - Audi Sport Quattro (2 variants) - Audi S1 - Bmw 1M (2 variants) - Lamborghini Miura S.V. - Lotus Elise SC (3 variants) - Maserati Alfieri - Maserati Quattroporte GTS - Maserati Levante S - Mazda MX-5 NA - Porsche Panamera G2 - Porsche Cayenne Turbo S - Porsche Macan Turbo - Shelby Cobra - RUF CTR Yellowbird - Toyota GT-86 - Ford Mustang 2015 - Chevrolet Corvette C7 Stingray GT - Bmw M3 E30 Evo (3 variants) - Bmw M3 E30 Group A - Bmw M3 E30 DTM - Bmw M3 E92 (3 variants) - Bmw Z4 E89 (3 variants) - Lotus Evora GTC - Lotus Evora GX GTR - McLaren MP4-12c GT3 - Bmw Z4 GT3 - Bmw M3 GT2 - Ferrari 458 GT2 - P4/5 Competizione - Mercedes SLS GT3 CLASSIC GP - Classic Team Lotus Type 49 - Classic Team Lotus 98T - Ferrari 312T RALLY - Audi Sport Quattro S1 E2 ENDURANCE - Mazda 787B SUPERCAR - Audi R8 Plus - Ferrari LaFerrari - Ferrari 458 Italia (2 variants) - Ferrari F40 (2 variants) - Ferrari 599xx - Lamborghini Huracán Performante - Lamborghini Sesto Elemento - McLaren Mp4 12c - Mercedes SLS AMG - Nissan GTR NISMO - Pagani Zonda R - Pagani Huayra - Pagani Huayra BC - Lotus Evora S (2 variants) - Lotus Exige S Roadster - Lotus Exige Scura - Lotus 2 Eleven GT4 TRACKDAY - KTM X-Bow R - Lotus 2 Eleven - Lotus Evora GTE - Lotus Evora GTE Carbon - Lotus Exige 240R (2 variants) - Lotus Exige V6 Cup OPEN WHEEL - Tatuus FA-01 - Lotus Exos T125 (2 variants) TRACKS - Laguna Seca - Magione - 'Autodromo dell'Umbria' - Imola - 'Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari' - Mugello - 'Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello' - Silverstone - GP - Silverstone - International - Silverstone - National - Silverstone 1967 - Monza - 'Autodromo di Monza' - Monza - 'Classic 60's Edition' (3 variants) - Nurburgring - GP - Nurburgring - Sprint - Spa Francorchamps - Vallelunga - 'Autodromo Piero Taruffi' - Vallelunga - Circuito Club - Zandvoort - Trento - Bondone Hillclimb - Drift Track - Drag strip - Black Cat County (fantasy track) - Highlands (fantasy track) SHOWROOMS - Standard showroom - The Beach - Hangar - Industrial - Sunset GAME MODES - Free Practice - Racing against AI - Career - Custom championship - Online Multiplayer - HotLap - Time Attack - Special Events - Drift - Drag race FEATURES - In game telemetry and apps - Advanced car setup management - Flags - Penalties APPS LIST - Basic info - Chat app - Tyre app - Real time app - Help - Lap time - Pit stop presets - Friends Leaderboard - Camera On Board Customization - Time of the day display - Input monitor - Time performance indicator - Gear/rpm indicator - Track map - Rankings - G-meter indicator ['Indie', 'Racing', 'Simulation', 'Sports'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'VR Supported', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Includes level editor', 'Family Sharing'] Racing Automobile Sim Simulation Driving Multiplayer VR Realistic Sports Moddable Open World Controller Singleplayer Physics First-Person Replay Value Indie Action 3D Vision TrackIR Artificial Intelligence
883710 A deadly virus engulfs the residents of Raccoon City in September of 1998, plunging the city into chaos as flesh eating zombies roam the streets for survivors. An unparalleled adrenaline rush, gripping storyline, and unimaginable horrors await you. Witness the return of Resident Evil 2. Deluxe Edition The Deluxe Edition contains the main game and the Extra DLC Pack which includes the following items: -Leon Costume: 'Arklay Sheriff' -Leon Costume: 'Noir' -Claire Costume: 'Military' -Claire Costume: 'Noir' -Claire Costume: 'Elza Walker' -Deluxe Weapon: 'Samurai Edge - Albert Model' -'Original Ver.' Soundtrack Swap About the Game The genre-defining masterpiece Resident Evil 2 returns, completely rebuilt from the ground up for a deeper narrative experience. Using Capcom’s proprietary RE Engine, Resident Evil 2 offers a fresh take on the classic survival horror saga with breathtakingly realistic visuals, heart-pounding immersive audio, a new over-the-shoulder camera, and modernized controls on top of gameplay modes from the original game. In Resident Evil 2, the classic action, tense exploration, and puzzle solving gameplay that defined the Resident Evil series returns. Players join rookie police officer Leon Kennedy and college student Claire Redfield, who are thrust together by a disastrous outbreak in Raccoon City that transformed its population into deadly zombies. Both Leon and Claire have their own separate playable campaigns, allowing players to see the story from both characters’ perspectives. The fate of these two fan favorite characters is in players hands as they work together to survive and get to the bottom of what is behind the terrifying attack on the city. Will they make it out alive? A spine-chilling reimagining of a horror classic - Based on the original release in 1998, the new game has been completely rebuilt from the ground up for a deeper narrative experience. A whole new perspective – New over-the-shoulder camera mode and modernized control scheme creates a more modern take on the survival horror experience and offers players a trip down memory lane with the original gameplay modes from the 1998 release. Terrifyingly realistic visuals – Built on Capcom’s proprietary RE Engine, Resident Evil 2 delivers breathtakingly photorealistic visuals whilst stunning lighting creates an up-close, intense and atmospheric experience as players roam the corridors of the Raccoon City Police Department (RPD). Face the grotesque hordes – Zombies are brought to life with a horrifyingly realistic wet gore effect as they react in real time taking instant visible damage, making every bullet count. Iconic series defining gameplay – Engage in frenzied combat with enemies, explore dark menacing corridors, solve puzzles to access areas and collect and use items discovered around the environment in a terrifying constant fight for survival. See favorite characters in a whole new light - Join rookie police officer Leon S. Kennedy on his first day in the job and college student Claire Redfield, who is searching for her brother amidst a terrifying zombie epidemic. Step into the rookie shoes of both heroes - Enjoy separately playable campaigns for both Leon and Claire, allowing players to see the story from both characters’ perspective. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'HDR available', 'Family Sharing'] Zombies Survival Horror Horror Singleplayer Remake Third Person Gore Action Puzzle Atmospheric Violent Story Rich Multiplayer Survival Classic Female Protagonist Dark Shooter Adventure Difficult
1818750 MultiVersus is a free-to-play platform fighter that brings the depth of iconic WB stars to life across the nearly endless possibilities of play. Season 5 will serve as the final seasonal content update for MultiVersus. As January 31, 2025, real money transactions are no longer available. Season 5 will begin on February 4, 2025, and run through May 30, 2025. All online features will continue to be available until Season 5 concludes on May 30, at which point MultiVersus will no longer be available to play online or download. Unused Gleamium and character tokens can be used to access and purchase content in-game until the end of Season 5 on May 30. To play MultiVersus offline after May 30, download the latest version of the game and log in during Season 5, between February 4 and May 30. CHARACTERS Choose from Bugs Bunny, Batman, Arya Stark, Rick Sanchez, and many more. In MultiVersus, every star brings their unique moves, worlds and attitudes to fight. And as the roster expands, so does the spectacle — with new personalities and play styles turning up the heat in every battle. MAPS Our maps turn legendary realms like the Batman’s Bat Cave, Jake and Finn’s Treefort, Game of Thrones’ Throne Room into epic battle grounds. And the best part? We’re adding new maps regularly, so the party never stops! MODES Whether you’re seeking the intensity of 1v1, the frenzy of a 4-player mayhem, or team up for strategic 2v2 battles, we’ve got you covered. Plus, introducing an all new PvE mode, a thrilling realm of limitless combat possibilities designed for solo or co-op play. CROSS-PLATFORM MultiVersus has full cross-play and cross-progression support across all platforms. THAT’S NOT ALL FOLKS! Our brawlin’ Multiverse does not hit snooze — and neither should you! There’s always something new brewing in our evolving MultiVerse with regular content drops and on-going quality improvements. Please note, voiceover/audio lines for content released on or after January 21, 2025, will be available in English only. Additionally, new voiceover/audio lines for existing characters interacting with new characters released on or after January 21, 2025, will be available in English only. All other supported languages will be available via subtitles. ['Action', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'In-App Purchases', 'Remote Play Together'] Multiplayer 2D Fighter Co-op Free to Play Action Competitive Beat 'em up Cartoon Fantasy 2D Platformer 2D Colorful Superhero Memes Funny Comic Book Hand-drawn 1980s 1990's Character Customization
365670 Blender is the free and open source 3D creation suite. Free to use for everyone, for any purpose. Blender is a free and open source 3D creation suite. It supports the entirety of the 3D pipeline—modeling, rigging, animation, simulation, rendering, compositing and motion tracking, and video editing. Advanced users employ Blender’s API for Python scripting to customize the application and write specialized tools; often these are included in Blender’s future releases. Blender is well suited to individuals and small studios who benefit from its unified pipeline and responsive development process. Examples from many Blender-based projects are available in the showcase. Blender is cross-platform and runs equally well on Linux, Windows and Macintosh computers. Its interface uses OpenGL to provide a consistent experience. To confirm specific compatibility, the list of supported platforms indicates those regularly tested by the development team. As a community-driven project under the GNU General Public License (GPL), the public is empowered to make small and large changes to the code base, which leads to new features, responsive bug fixes, and better usability. Blender has no price tag, but you can invest, participate, and help to advance a powerful collaborative tool: Blender is your own 3D software. ['Animation & Modeling', 'Design & Illustration', 'Video Production'] [] Animation & Modeling Software Design & Illustration Free to Play Game Development Video Production 3D Difficult GameMaker Utilities Singleplayer Physics 3D Vision 2D Sandbox Moddable Building Hentai Story Rich Action
2881650 Film your friends doing scary things to become SpöökTube famous! (strongly advised to not go alone) Get famous or die trying! Content Warning is a co-op horror game where you film spooky stuff with your friends to try and go viral. Squad up, customize your face with the ASCII face customiser, buy some gear and use the diving bell to go down to the Old World! Down there you’ll encounter scary physics-animated monsters, cursed relics and other artefacts! Film as many scary things as possible before you run out of oxygen, camera battery or friends… If you survive, you need to get back in the diving bell to transport you and the remaining members of your team to the surface. Upload your chaotic footage to SpöökTube, settle in for a watch party, and wait for the views to tick up! Every run goes on for 3 days, the more scary stuff you film, the more you go viral. The ad revenue from your SpöökTube videos enables you to upgrade your gear to film better videos and survive more easily in the Old World. If your team accumulates enough views in three days - you get to keep going with your SpöökTube Career and live a life of fame and fortune! You can also sign up for sponsorship deals to earn MC to purchase island upgrades and hats! In-game handheld working video camera 2-4 player online coop Voice chat ASCII face customisation Make and save in-game recordings Your friends looking and acting silly Scary animated physics monsters Cursed artefacts Flashlights (many) Fame (maybe) For every video you upload to SpöökTube you get ad revenue to spend on fun and useful items in the store, like upgraded gear, emotes, props and medical equipment! Customize your face using your keyboard and with the game's ASCII-face-customizer! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Online Co-Op Horror Multiplayer Funny First-Person Exploration Co-op Psychological Horror Survival Horror Atmospheric Dungeon Crawler 3D Adventure Supernatural Time Management Action-Adventure Investigation Mystery Sci-fi Procedural Generation
238460 Welcome to BattleBlock Theater! You’ve got no where to go but up...on stage. Play single player or co-op to free your friends and save Hatty Hattington! Jump, solve and battle your way through a mysterious theater inhabited by highly technological felines. Shipwrecked. Captured. Betrayed. Forced to perform for an audience of cats? Yes, all that and more when you unlock BattleBlock Theater! There’s no turning back once you've started on your quest to free over 300 of your imprisoned friends from evil technological cats. Immerse yourself in this mind bending tale of treachery as you use your arsenal of weapon-tools to battle your way through hundreds of levels in order to discover the puzzling truth behind BattleBlock Theater. If solo acts aren't your style, go online or bring a buddy couch-side to play a thoroughly co-optimized quest or enter the arenas. The game also includes a level editor so you can craft your own mind bending trials! Key Features CO-OPTIONAL GAMEPLAY - Work together... or not. Online Play! Couch Hi-Fives! Best Game Ever! Up to two players in Story, and four in Arena. ARENAS: Whether you're king crowning or whale chasing, BattleBlock Theater performers have 8 arena modes to teach their enemies the real meaning of stage fright! INSANE MODE: One life to live doesn’t just happen on screen, it can happen on stage as well. Test your skills in the ultimate campaign challenge. UNIQUE ANIMATIONS: New art created for the Steam version of BattleBlock Theater! Cat guard makes its way to center stage. OVER 450 LEVELS! - Single player, multiplayer, arena, we have more levels than Hatty can count on his finger hands. 300 PRISONERS TO FREE! - Having been captured by the native feline population, it’s up to YOU to liberate them! Earn gems to free your friends by participating in deadly, gladiatorial plays. THEATRICAL WEAPONRY AND COMBAT! - Jump, push, pull and punch your way to victory! If that doesn’t work you can explode, freeze, poison, or digest a baby! Plus, you’ll be able to bring up two weapons at a time in a game and swap quickly. CREATE AND SHARE LEVELS - Create works of art in our Level Editor and then share them with all your friends (or strangers). Over 20 interactive block types galore! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Shared/Split Screen PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Stats', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Co-op Platformer Funny Comedy Level Editor Multiplayer Local Co-Op 2D Online Co-Op Cats 2D Platformer Action Side Scroller Local Multiplayer Casual Singleplayer Puzzle-Platformer Indie Puzzle Narration
253710 The most realistic hunting experience awaits. Explore 12 reserves and hunt 45 unique species, ranging from waterfowl to big game. Over 100 weapons from state-of-the art rifles to bows. Customize your load-out with stands, blinds and dogs. Play alone or in multiplayer with up to 7 friends. The most realistic online hunting game ever created is available now, for free! Experience the thrill of the hunt in vast, open-world environments ranging from the desolate Australian outback and overgrown swamps of Louisiana to the dramatic landscape of the Austrian Alps. As a hunter, you will use everything from crossbows to handguns and state of the art bolt action rifles to track, spot and harvest your prey. Realistic animal behaviors and persistent online features provide a living, open world where you can explore at your own pace or compete with other players for bragging rights. Key Features theHunter Classic was first released in 2009, and is still continuously updated with new weapons, species, environments, equipment and features. There’s a treasure trove of content for hunters to discover here, and more is still coming! Explore 12 vast and endlessly varied environments with detailed graphics, complete with a full day cycle and immersive weather effects - from the sub-arctic Alaska to the swamps of Louisiana. Form a hunting team and experience co-op multiplayer with up to 7 friends (or complete strangers). Hunt 45 lifelike species, all recreated in painstaking detail from looks to behaviours: Bison, Moose, Red Deer, Rocky Mountain Elk, Roosevelt Elk, Alpine Ibex, Bighorn Sheep, Blacktail Deer, Feral Hog, Mule Deer, Reindeer, Roe Deer, Sitka Deer, Whitetail Deer, Wild Boar, Feral Goat, Dall Sheep, American Black Duck, Gadwall, Mallard, Pintail, Rock Ptarmigan, White-tailed Ptarmigan, Willow Ptarmigan, Cottontail Rabbit, European Rabbit, Snowshoe Hare, Pheasant, Turkey, Canada Goose, Black Bear, Brown Bear, Grizzly Bear, Polar Bear, Red Kangaroo, Grey Wolf, Coyote, Red Fox, Arctic Fox, Bobcat, Water Buffalo, Rusa Deer, Sambar Deer, Banteng and Magpie Goose. Occasionally, on Halloween night, some players swear they saw Werewolves too! Extensive online features. Increase your skills, increase your stats and get creative with Trophy Shots. Take part in competitions and climb the leaderboards or go on challenging missions to earn achievements. Join the biggest and friendliest online hunting community. We are all about helping and sharing our achievements. Show off that incredible set of antlers, proudly mounted in your private Trophy Lodge, or check out other accomplished hunters’ hauls for inspiration. Having trouble tracking and harvesting that big one? Ask the community, many of whom are real-life hunters, and get a helping hand. Progressing and Acquiring Items in the Game In theHunter Classic, a generous amount of content is available for free. Right at the outset two weapons (.243 Bolt-Action Rifle &amp; 12 GA Single Shot shotgun) and a great equipment loadout is available at no cost. Additional items such as weapons, equipment, clothing and ammunition can be acquired with gm$, in-game currency that can be earned through playing the game, or em$, in-game currency that can be purchased for real-life money or earned through winning in-game competitions. By hunting certain species and using certain items in the game, you are able to hone your skills and improve as a hunter. As these skills increase, more abilities unlock. With time and practice, you will be able to tell weight and gender from a simple animal track, and develop steadier aim for a range of weapons. Achievements can be earned through diverse in-game activities. Each achievement adds to your HunterScore, which can be used to track and compare your progress with other hunters. Increasing your HunterScore also unlocks upgrade items such as pouches and holsters for your rifles. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Free To Play', 'Simulation', 'Sports'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'In-App Purchases'] Free to Play Hunting Multiplayer Open World Simulation Shooter Co-op First-Person Survival Realistic Online Co-Op Adventure FPS Singleplayer Sports Action Stealth Strategy Massively Multiplayer Casual
306130 Join over 22 million players in the award-winning online multiplayer RPG and experience limitless adventure in a persistent Elder Scrolls world. Battle, craft, steal, or explore, and combine different types of equipment and abilities to create your own style of play. No game subscription required. The Elder Scrolls Online: Gold Road A forgotten Daedric Prince has returned, bringing chaos to West Weald! Explore a new zone and defend the city of Skingrad, now beset by a dangerous Daedric cult and the jungles of Valenwood. Customize your skills like never before with the new Scribing system. The Elder Scrolls Online: Housing Starter Pack Begin (or bolster!) your housing adventure in Tamriel with the Housing Starter Pack, featuring a brand-new Unfurnished House and 800 Crowns for Furnishings to decorate your new home with (or anything else you desire in ESO’s in-game shop, the Crown Store)! This bundle includes: • Seabloom Villa Unfurnished House • 800 Crowns Seabloom Villa Unfurnished House Blossom lovers will delight in this picturesque villa perched on the western coastline of Auridon! With its elegant design, this cozy home awaits any who seek to nurture its blooms to life while enjoying how the light dances on the nearby rippling waters. 800 Crowns The Crowns are for use in the Crown Store. The Crown Store can be accessed in-game to browse and purchase unique furnishings, houses, pets, mounts, costumes for your character, and other virtual goods and services. The Elder Scrolls Online: The Hailcinder Mount Pack Ride into your Tamrielic journey with the Hailcinder Mount Pack, featuring an exclusive Vale Elk Mount, 3000 Crowns for use in the Crown Store, as well as a Pledge of Mara Scroll to aid in your adventures. This bundle includes: • Exclusive Mount: Hailcinder Vale Elk • 3000 Crowns • Pledge of Mara Scroll Mount: Hailcinder Vale Elk Some claim a ghost possesses this proud steed, providing it with a haunting glow. Others point to its chosen diet: glowing flora and fungi. Regardless, riders feel as if they're gliding on air. 3000 Crowns The Crowns are for use in The Crown Store. The Crown Store can be accessed in-game to browse and purchase unique pets, mounts, costumes for your character, and other virtual goods and services. Pledge of Mara Scroll Pledge commitment on sacred ground to bond a single character to another. Both will earn 10% more experience while adventuring together. Pledge is consumed on use. About the Game Experience an ever-expanding story across all of Tamriel in The Elder Scrolls Online, an award-winning online RPG. Explore a rich, living world with friends or embark upon a solo adventure. Enjoy complete control over how your character looks and plays, from the weapons you wield to the skills you learn – the choices you make will shape your destiny. Welcome to a world without limits. PLAY THE WAY YOU LIKE Battle, craft, steal, siege, or explore, and combine different types of armor, weapons, and abilities to create your own style of play. The choice is yours to make in a persistent, ever-growing Elder Scrolls world. TELL YOUR OWN STORY Discover the secrets of Tamriel as you set off to regain your lost soul and save the world from Oblivion. Experience any story in any part of the world, in whichever order you choose – with others or alone. A MULTIPLAYER RPG Complete quests with friends, join fellow adventurers to explore dangerous, monster-filled dungeons, or take part in epic PvP battles with hundreds of other players. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Captions available', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support', 'HDR available', 'Family Sharing'] RPG MMORPG Open World Fantasy Adventure Exploration Multiplayer Singleplayer Massively Multiplayer Action Character Customization PvP PvE Lore-Rich Story Rich Choose Your Own Adventure Magic Class-Based Action RPG Atmospheric
273110 Counter-Strike Nexon is a Free to Play MMOFPS offering competitive PvP and PvE action including content from the original Counter-Strike and all new game modes, map creation function, weapons, and hordes of Zombies! About Counter-Strike Nexon Counter-Strike Nexon is a Free to Play MMOFPS with competitive PvP and PvE environments. Experience the nostalgic thrill of Classic Counter-Strike right here! Dive into diverse battles against hordes of zombies, wielding a plethora of weapons and characters, and unleash your creativity with unlimited map creation in Studio Mode! ['Action', 'Casual', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'MMO', 'Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Captions available', 'In-App Purchases'] Free to Play FPS Zombies Sandbox PvE PvP Shooter Multiplayer Horror Action Co-op First-Person Survival Horror Online Co-Op Gore Funny Mod Dark 3D Singleplayer
632360 Escape a chaotic alien planet by fighting through hordes of frenzied monsters – with your friends, or on your own. Combine loot in surprising ways and master each character until you become the havoc you feared upon your first crash landing. SURVIVE AN ALIEN PLANET Over a dozen handcrafted locales await, each packed with challenging monsters and enormous bosses that oppose your continued existence. Fight your way to the final boss and escape or continue your run indefinitely to see just how long you can survive. A unique scaling system means both you and your foes limitlessly increase in power over the course of a game. DISCOVER POWERFUL NEW ITEMS More than 110 items keep each run fresh and full of new challenge. The more items you collect, the more their effects combine, the more surprising some of those combinations might be. The more items you encounter, the more lore (and strategy) you’ll discover through the logs. UNLOCK NEW WAYS TO PLAY Unlock a crew of eleven playable survivors, each with their own unique combat style and alternate skills to master. Learn the secrets of the Artifacts to toggle gameplay modifiers like friendly fire, random survivor spawns, item selection and more. With randomized stages, enemies, and items, no run will ever be the same. PLAY SOLO OR CO-OP Tackle the adventure solo or with up to three friends in online co-op, or compete in the rotating challenge of the Prismatic Trials. Brand new survivors like the Captain and MUL-T join classic survivors such as the Engineer, Huntress, and--of course--the Commando. ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Third-Person Shooter Action Roguelike Multiplayer Co-op Action Rogue-lite Rogue-like Looter Shooter Loot Online Co-Op Shooter Difficult Great Soundtrack Third Person Indie Survival Singleplayer Soundtrack Early Access Bullet Hell
285800 Braveland is a turn-based game inspired by old-school strategies with hexagonal battlefield. You will start as a humble warrior's son whose village was cruelly raided and will end as talented commander of your army. CHECK OUT THE NEW GAME! About the Game Braveland is a turn-based game inspired by old-school strategies with hexagonal battlefield. You will start as a humble warrior's son whose village was cruelly raided and will end as talented commander of your army. The story will take place in a hand-drawn world and cover many interesting places and characters. Various warriors will join your army - archers, scouts, healers, footmen, arbalesters and more. Turn-based battles in old-school style. Command your troops and defeat enemies in hand to hand battles. 26 various warriors and creatures from archers to golems. Three story chapters each in unique corner of the world. Evolve your hero, find awesome artifacts and learn battle magic. Intense boss fights at the end of each story chapter. Hours of gameplay with 50 battles. High definition awesome illustrated cartoon art. ['Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Turn-Based Strategy Casual Strategy Turn-Based Fantasy Turn-Based Combat Hex Grid Singleplayer Hand-drawn Tactical RPG Atmospheric Touch-Friendly 2D Tactical Turn-Based Tactics Strategy RPG Cartoony Colorful Cute Family Friendly
294100 A sci-fi colony sim driven by an intelligent AI storyteller. Generates stories by simulating psychology, ecology, gunplay, melee combat, climate, biomes, diplomacy, interpersonal relationships, art, medicine, trade, and more. RimWorld is a sci-fi colony sim driven by an intelligent AI storyteller. Inspired by Dwarf Fortress, Firefly, and Dune. You begin with three survivors of a shipwreck on a distant world. Manage colonists' moods, needs, wounds, illnesses and addictions. Build in the forest, desert, jungle, tundra, and more. Watch colonists develop and break relationships with family members, lovers, and spouses. Replace wounded limbs and organs with prosthetics, bionics, or biological parts harvested from others. Fight pirates, tribes, mad animals, giant insects and ancient killing machines. Craft structures, weapons, and apparel from metal, wood, stone, cloth, and futuristic materials. Tame and train cute pets, productive farm animals, and deadly attack beasts. Trade with passing ships and caravans. Form caravans to complete quests, trade, attack other factions, or migrate your whole colony. Dig through snow, weather storms, and fight fires. Capture refugees or prisoners and turn them to your side or sell them into slavery. Discover a new generated world each time you play. Explore hundreds of wild and interesting mods on the Steam Workshop. Learn to play easily with the help of an intelligent and unobtrusive AI tutor. RimWorld is a story generator. It’s designed to co-author tragic, twisted, and triumphant stories about imprisoned pirates, desperate colonists, starvation and survival. It works by controlling the “random” events that the world throws at you. Every thunderstorm, pirate raid, and traveling salesman is a card dealt into your story by the AI Storyteller . There are several storytellers to choose from. Randy Random does crazy stuff, Cassandra Classic goes for rising tension, and Phoebe Chillax likes to relax. Your colonists are not professional settlers – they’re crash-landed survivors from a passenger liner destroyed in orbit. You can end up with a nobleman, an accountant, and a housewife. You’ll acquire more colonists by capturing them in combat and turning them to your side, buying them from slave traders, or taking in refugees. So your colony will always be a motley crew. Each person’s background is tracked and affects how they play. A nobleman will be great at social skills (recruiting prisoners, negotiating trade prices), but refuse to do physical work. A farm oaf knows how to grow food by long experience, but cannot do research. A nerdy scientist is great at research, but cannot do social tasks at all. A genetically engineered assassin can do nothing but kill – but he does that very well. Colonists develop - and destroy - relationships. Each has an opinion of the others, which determines whether they'll become lovers, marry, cheat, or fight. Perhaps your two best colonists are happily married - until one of them falls for the dashing surgeon who saved her from a gunshot wound. The game generates a whole planet from pole to equator. You choose whether to land your crash pods in a cold northern tundra, a parched desert flat, a temperate forest, or a steaming equatorial jungle. Different areas have different animals, plants, diseases, temperatures, rainfall, mineral resources, and terrain. These challenges of surviving in a disease-infested, choking jungle are very different from those in a parched desert wasteland or a frozen tundra with a two-month growing season. Travel across the planet. You're not stuck in one place. You can form a caravan of people, animals, and prisoners. Rescue kidnapped former allies from pirate outposts, attend peace talks, trade with other factions, attack enemy colonies, and complete other quests. You can even pack up your entire colony and move to a new place. You can use rocket-powered transport pods to travel faster. You can tame and train animals. Lovable pets will cheer up sad colonists. Farm animals can be worked, milked, and sheared. Attack beasts can be released upon your enemies. There are many animals - cats, labrador retrievers, grizzly bears, camels, cougars, chinchillas, chickens, and exotic alien-like lifeforms. People in RimWorld constantly observe their situation and surroundings in order to decide how to feel at any given moment. They respond to hunger and fatigue, witnessing death, disrespectfully unburied corpses, being wounded, being left in darkness, getting packed into cramped environments, sleeping outside or in the same room as others, and many other situations. If they're too stressed, they might lash out or break down. Wounds, infections, prosthetics, and chronic conditions are tracked on each body part and affect characters' capacities. Eye injuries make it hard to shoot or do surgery. Wounded legs slow people down. Hands, brain, mouth, heart, liver, kidneys, stomach, feet, fingers, toes, and more can all be wounded, diseased, or missing, and all have logical in-game effects. And other species have their own body layouts - take off a deer's leg, and it can still hobble on the other three. Take off a rhino's horn, and it's much less dangerous. You can repair body parts with prosthetics ranging from primitive to transcendent. A peg leg will get Joe Colonist walking after an unfortunate incident with a rhinoceros, but he'll still be quite slow. Buy an expensive bionic leg from a trader the next year, and Joe becomes a superhuman runner. You can even extract, sell, buy, and transplant internal organs. And there's much more than that! The game is easy to mod and has an active mod community. Read more at . (All non-English translations are made by fans.) ['Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Workshop', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Colony Sim Base-Building Survival Strategy Sandbox Management Building Simulation Moddable Singleplayer City Builder Open World Procedural Generation 2D Sci-fi Indie Space Tactical RPG Cartoony Western
698780 The Literature Club is full of cute girls! Will you write the way into their heart? This game is not suitable for children or those who are easily disturbed. Hi, Monika here! Welcome to the Literature Club! It's always been a dream of mine to make something special out of the things I love. Now that you're a club member, you can help me make that dream come true in this cute game! Every day is full of chit-chat and fun activities with all of my adorable and unique club members: Sayori , the youthful bundle of sunshine who values happiness the most; Natsuki , the deceivingly cute girl who packs an assertive punch; Yuri , the timid and mysterious one who finds comfort in the world of books; ...And, of course, Monika , the leader of the club! That's me! I'm super excited for you to make friends with everyone and help the Literature Club become a more intimate place for all my members. But I can tell already that you're a sweetheart—will you promise to spend the most time with me? ♥ This game is not suitable for children or those who are easily disturbed. ['Casual', 'Free To Play', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] Psychological Horror Visual Novel Anime Free to Play Dating Sim Horror Cute Dark Story Rich Romance Singleplayer Great Soundtrack Gore Violent Indie Sexual Content First-Person Memes Casual Adventure
374320 Dark Souls continues to push the boundaries with the latest, ambitious chapter in the critically-acclaimed and genre-defining series. Prepare yourself and Embrace The Darkness! Get the DARK SOULS™ III Season Pass now and challenge yourself with all the available content! Winner of gamescom award 2015 'Best RPG' and over 35 E3 2015 Awards and Nominations. DARK SOULS™ III continues to push the boundaries with the latest, ambitious chapter in the critically-acclaimed and genre-defining series. As fires fade and the world falls into ruin, journey into a universe filled with more colossal enemies and environments. Players will be immersed into a world of epic atmosphere and darkness through faster gameplay and amplified combat intensity. Fans and newcomers alike will get lost in the game hallmark rewarding gameplay and immersive graphics. Now only embers remain… Prepare yourself once more and Embrace The Darkness! ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Souls-like Dark Fantasy Difficult RPG Atmospheric Lore-Rich Third Person Exploration Story Rich Action RPG Co-op Great Soundtrack Adventure Action Multiplayer PvP Open World Singleplayer Replay Value Character Customization
275850 No Man's Sky is a game about exploration and survival in an infinite procedurally generated universe. Inspired by the adventure and imagination that we love from classic science-fiction, No Man's Sky presents you with a galaxy to explore, filled with unique planets and lifeforms, and constant danger and action. In No Man's Sky, every star is the light of a distant sun, each orbited by planets filled with life, and you can go to any of them you choose. Fly smoothly from deep space to planetary surfaces, with no loading screens, and no limits. In this infinite procedurally generated universe, you'll discover places and creatures that no other players have seen before - and perhaps never will again. Now including... Play with all major updates since launch: Foundation, Pathfinder, Atlas Rises, NEXT, The Abyss, Visions, the 2.0 BEYOND update, Synthesis, Living Ship, Exo Mech, Desolation and the 3.0 update, ORIGINS, Next Generation, Companions, Expeditions, Prisms, Frontiers, Sentinel, Outlaws, Endurance, Waypoint (4.0), Fractal, Interceptor, Echoes, Omega, Orbital, Worlds Part I (5.0) and Worlds Part II. And now with added Cross-Save ! No Man’s Sky now supports Cross-Play and Cross-Save between a huge number of platforms including PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, PlayStation 5 Pro, Xbox One and Series X/S, Game Pass, GOG, Nintendo Switch, Steam Deck, PlayStation VR 1 &amp; 2 and PCVR. Available for PC and Mac (see recommended and minimum specs for details). An epic voyage to the centre of a shared universe awaits, allowing you to explore, trade, fight and survive alone or with friends. Embark on an epic voyage At the centre of the galaxy lies a irresistible pulse which draws you on a journey towards it to learn the true nature of the cosmos. But, facing hostile creatures and fierce pirates, you'll know that death comes at a cost, and survival will be down to the choices you make over how you upgrade your ship, your weapon and suit. Find your own destiny Your voyage through No Man's Sky is up to you. Will you be a fighter, preying on the weak and taking their riches, or taking out pirates for their bounties? Power is yours if you upgrade your ship for speed and weaponry. Or a trader? Find rich resources on forgotten worlds and exploit them for the highest prices. Invest in more cargo space and you'll reap huge rewards. Or perhaps an explorer? Go beyond the known frontier and discover places and things that no one has ever seen before. Upgrade your engines to jump ever farther, and strengthen your suit for survival in toxic environments that would kill the unwary. Share your journey The galaxy is a living, breathing place. Trade convoys travel between stars, factions vie for territory, pirates hunt the unwary, and the police are ever watching. Every other player lives in the same galaxy, and you can choose to share your discoveries with them on a map that spans known space. Perhaps you will see the results of their actions as well as your own... ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Tracked Controller Support', 'VR Supported', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'HDR available', 'Family Sharing'] Open World Open World Survival Craft Space Exploration Sci-fi Survival Procedural Generation Adventure First-Person Sandbox Multiplayer Singleplayer Atmospheric Crafting Space Sim Indie Action Simulation FPS VR
548430 Deep Rock Galactic is a 1-4 player co-op FPS featuring badass space Dwarves, 100% destructible environments, procedurally-generated caves, and endless hordes of alien monsters. Game Editions STANDARD EDITION The standard edition is simply the base version of Deep Rock Galactic, nothing more, nothing less. DELUXE EDITION Get the DELUXE EDITION to unlock the base game as well as three packs of Cosmetic DLC: The awesome MEGACORP, DARK FUTURE, and DAWN OF THE DREAD Packs! MASTER EDITION Includes ROUGHNECK, RIVAL TECH, and ROBOT REBELLION packs, on top of everything in the DELUXE EDITION. DWARVEN LEGACY The full package - includes the base game, all Cosmetic Packs, the Supporter Pack, and the full game soundtrack split over two volumes. About the Game Deep Rock Galactic is a 1-4 player co-op FPS featuring badass space Dwarves, 100% destructible environments, procedurally-generated caves, and endless hordes of alien monsters. 1-4 PLAYER CO-OP Work together as a team to dig, explore, and fight your way through a massive cave system filled with hordes of deadly enemies and valuable resources. You will need to rely on your teammates if you want to survive the most hostile cave systems in the galaxy! 4 UNIQUE CLASSES Pick the right class for the job. Mow through enemies as the Gunner, scout ahead and light up the caves as the Scout, chew through solid rock as the Driller, or support the team with defensive structures and turrets as the Engineer. FULLY DESTRUCTIBLE ENVIRONMENTS Destroy everything around you to reach your goal. There is no set path so you can complete your mission your way. Drill straight down to your objective or build an intricate network of paths to explore your surroundings -- the choice is yours. But proceed with caution, you don’t want to stumble into an alien swarm unprepared! PROCEDURALLY GENERATED CAVE NETWORK Explore a network of procedurally generated cave systems filled with enemies to fight and riches to collect. There’s always something new to discover and no two playthroughs are alike. HIGH-TECH GADGETS AND WEAPONS Dwarves know what they need to bring to get the job done. This means the most powerful weapons and the most advanced gadgets around - flamethrowers, gatling guns, portable platform launchers, and much, much more. LIGHT YOUR PATH The underground caves are dark and full of terrors. You will need to bring your own lights if you want to illuminate these pitch-black caverns. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Captions available', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Dwarf Co-op PvE FPS Procedural Generation Class-Based Shooter Exploration First-Person Loot Sci-fi Space Action Atmospheric Looter Shooter Combat Survival Horror Dark Action Roguelike
278360 A Story About My Uncle is a first person platforming adventure game about a boy who searches for his lost uncle, and ends up in a world he couldn’t imagine existed. The movement is a crucial part of the games core gameplay – focusing on swinging through the world with a grappling hook that gives the player a wonderful sense of speed and... A Story About My Uncle is a first person platforming adventure game about a boy who searches for his lost uncle, and ends up in a world he couldn’t imagine existed. Take help of your uncle’s mysterious inventions that let you jump incredibly high and far through beautiful scenery, uncover clues to your uncle’s whereabouts, and meet fantastical creatures that will help you on your journey. The movement in A Story About My Uncle is a crucial part of its core gameplay – focusing on swinging through the world with a grappling hook that gives the player a wonderful sense of speed and freedom. Soar through a game world with a unique art style and a mysterious story that unravels before you. Key features Grappling hook: An empowering mechanic that gives you a sensation of speed, flow and vertigo like you’ve never experienced before. Explore the world: Visit a wonderful and exciting world - from paradisal caves, to lost civilizations and harsh, mystical landscapes. Emphasis on story: While searching for your uncle you will meet creatures with stories and fates of their own. Take your time to explore the world to dig deeper into the narrative. Non-violent: A Story About My Uncle is a First Person game, but it is driven by non-violent gameplay and a heavy emphasis on story and atmosphere. ['Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Adventure First-Person Parkour Singleplayer Indie Atmospheric Platformer Story Rich 3D Platformer Puzzle Fantasy Casual Short Sci-fi Relaxing Narration Action Family Friendly Great Soundtrack Difficult
284160 A dynamic soft-body physics vehicle simulator capable of doing just about anything. BeamNG. drive is an incredibly realistic driving game with near-limitless possibilities. Our soft-body physics engine simulates every component of a vehicle in real time, resulting in true-to-life behavior. With years of meticulous design, intensive research and experience, the simulation authentically recreates the excitement of real world driving. Why is BeamNG. drive the game for you? Soft-body physics: The BeamNG physics engine is at the core of the most detailed and authentic vehicle simulation you've ever seen in a game. Crashes feel visceral, as the game uses an incredibly accurate damage model. Vehicles: BeamNG. drive offers dozens of refined, totally customizable vehicles for you to experiment with. Whether it's a compact car or massive truck, you can tweak away at all the moving parts to create just about any driving experience you want. Wheels, suspension, engines, and more; everything is under your control. Environments: There's plenty to discover as you drive. Featuring 12 sprawling, beautiful open-world environments, the terrain feels as vast and diverse as the gameplay options. Test out your new setup through tropical jungle passages, barren deserts, urban boulevards, fast highways, and much more. More features Game Modes: This goes far deeper than your standard driving simulator. The range of gameplay options are exceptional, whether that's taking on a simple delivery mission or creating an entire map to test out new car builds. Free Roam: Don't want to feel limited? Take any vehicle to your destination of choice and start exploring. Experimentation is also key in this game mode, as objects and environmental conditions can be manipulated. Try revving up wind speeds for a challenge, or altering gravity! Scenarios: BeamNG. drive offers loads of scenarios for every type of driving enthusiast out there. You can complete a truck delivery request as fast and efficiently as possible, or outrun police cruisers in a hot pursuit. No matter the situation, the realistic physics engine will engage and immerse you in the experience. Time Trials: Choose a vehicle, environment, and route and put yourself to the test! Refine your skills and compete against yourself while improving your best time. Modding and Community Content: We're proud of our vibrant community of enthusiasts that spark great conversation, while also creating interesting vehicle builds, terrains, and scenarios for others to enjoy. The modding capabilities in BeamNG. drive are vast, allowing you to customize and fine-tune just about anything. With our out-of-the-box World Editor everyone can put a twist on their in-game experience. Automation: We've partnered with Automation - the car company tycoon game - to allow players to export their creations into BeamNG. drive . If you own Automation, it's a fairly simple process: design your custom car and engine, tailor everything to your specifications, choose the 'export' option, start up BeamNG. drive , and you'll be able to find your latest creation in the vehicle list! Freedom: What sets BeamNG. drive apart from other automotive games is player freedom. It’s about doing nearly anything you can think of with a car or truck and seeing it play out in the most realistic way possible. With our soft-body physics engine and modding capabilities, you can come up with any scenario imaginable. It's not just about the vehicles, it's about taking advantage of the expansive and customizable open world to create the driving experience you envision. Combining industry-leading physics, endless customization, and tight-knit community means that BeamNG. drive is the most comprehensive and flat-out fun vehicle simulator you will ever play. ['Racing', 'Simulation', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Simulation Driving Realistic Physics Destruction Automobile Sim Sandbox Open World Racing Moddable Multiplayer Singleplayer Early Access First-Person Third Person Exploration Funny Action Adventure Flight
1172620 Sea of Thieves is a smash-hit pirate adventure game, offering the quintessential pirate experience of plundering lost treasures, intense battles, vanquishing sea monsters and more. Dive in with this revised edition of the game, which includes access to digital bonus media. New This Season In a new Season focused on a wealth of wildlife, who better to lead the charge than The Hunter’s Call? It’s a time of expanded operations for everyone’s favourite fishing family, installing new stations at the Outposts and commissioning Voyages for pirates to help tackle the rise of these wild beasts. New kinds of Megalodon, unique Treasured Fish and even wild boars have been spied throughout the Sea of Thieves, promising rich rewards for the hunter cunning enough to best them. Reputation Rising The Hunter’s Call are stepping up: pirates will now be able to continue earning reputation through five levels of Distinction, enabling them to progress far past what was previously possible with this Trading Company. A range of new Company-specific loot also provides a fresh incentive for rising through the ranks… Represent the Company Truly dedicated hunters can now risk their lives and their loot in service to the Company as an Emissary! As with other Trading Companies, flying an Emissary Flag will guarantee increased rewards for any loot you turn in, but also makes you a target for any other pirates in the area looking to pick a fight. Fishing and Raid Voyages Many hunters are happy to go wherever the wind takes them, but The Hunter’s Call are offering a little more direction to those who want it. New Fishing and Raid Voyages will be made available as pirates rank up with the Company, promising a range of rewards for successfully completed missions. You’re Going to Need a Bigger Galleon The familiar Megalodons of the Sea of Thieves are fearsome beasts, but it turns out that even darker creatures have been dwelling beneath the waves… The Feared Redmaw and Barnacled Dread have crossed over from the Sea of the Damned, and now lie in wait to terrorise sailors with their ferocity and alarming special abilities. Crews attacked by the Feared Redmaw will need to ensure they’ve got plenty of water ready to put out her fires, while those facing down the Barnacled Dread should watch for Ocean Crawlers boarding their ship to upset the odds. Hunter’s Call Grade 5 Emissaries will at least have an advantage in being able to spot these emergent new Megalodon threats on their ship’s map! New Seasonal Rewards A new Season means a brand new set of rewards, unlocked by climbing through 100 levels of Renown! Earn cosmetics, gold, Doubloons and even Ancient Coins as you rise through the ranks by living the pirate life. About the Game Sea of Thieves offers the essential pirate experience, from sailing and fighting to exploring and looting – everything you need to live the pirate life and become a legend in your own right. With no set roles, you have complete freedom to approach the world, and other players, however you choose. Whether you’re voyaging as a group or sailing solo, you’re bound to encounter other crews in this shared world adventure – but will they be friends or foes, and how will you respond? A Vast Open World Explore a vast open world filled with unspoiled islands and underwater kingdoms. Take on quests to hunt for lost loot, forge a reputation with the Trading Companies and battle foes from Phantoms and Ocean Crawlers to Megalodons and the mighty Kraken. Try your hand at fishing, make maps to your own buried treasure or choose from hundreds of other optional goals and side-quests! A Game That’s Always Growing With each Season bringing in new game features every three months alongside regular in-game Events, Sea of Thieves is a service-based game that’s still growing and evolving. Check back regularly to see what free content has been newly added, and see how far you can climb through each Season’s 100 levels of Renown to earn special rewards. Become Legend On your journey to become a Pirate Legend you’ll amass loot, build a reputation and define a unique personal style with your hard-earned rewards. Adventurer. Explorer. Conqueror. What will your legend be? The Sea of Thieves: 2024 Premium Edition The Sea of Thieves: 2024 Premium Edition contains the full game, the Dark Warsmith Ship Set (with Collector's Figurehead and Sails), Dark Warsmith Costume, Diabolical Dog, Ocean Crawler cosmetics, Collector's Thunderous Fury Figurehead and Sails, the Shrouded Ghost Hunter Blunderbuss, 10,000 Gold and access to digital bonus content. The Sea of Thieves: 2024 Deluxe Edition The Sea of Thieves: 2024 Deluxe Edition contains the full game, Ocean Crawler cosmetics, Collector's Thunderous Fury Figurehead and Sails, the Shrouded Ghost Hunter Blunderbuss, 10,000 Gold and access to digital bonus content. Digital Bonuses Additional digital bonuses* include access to the Sea of Thieves Original Soundtrack – 2024 Edition, the Sea of Thieves: Athena's Fortune audiobook and The Rough Guide to Sea of Thieves eBook. * Available to download from /bonuses (website login required) or via Steam. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Multiplayer Open World Adventure Pirates Co-op Online Co-Op Action PvP Sailing First-Person Exploration Naval PvE Funny Massively Multiplayer FPS Atmospheric Singleplayer Swordplay Great Soundtrack
1446780 Rise to the challenge and join the hunt! In Monster Hunter Rise, the latest installment in the award-winning and top-selling Monster Hunter series, you’ll become a hunter, explore brand new maps and use a variety of weapons to take down fearsome monsters as part of an all-new storyline. Notice regarding the DLC lineup for this title Commencing in December 2024, the lineup of DLC for this title will be adjusted on an ongoing basis. Customers may notice changes to content availability including new bundles being added, the content of existing bundles changing, and some bundles being removed from sale temporarily or permanently. Bundle content can also be purchased individually and may be included in multiple bundles, so please review bundle details carefully before purchase to see if they contain content you already own and ensure you do not purchase the same content twice. About the Game Rise to the challenge and join the hunt! In Monster Hunter Rise, the latest installment in the award-winning and top-selling Monster Hunter series, you’ll become a hunter, explore brand new maps and use a variety of weapons to take down fearsome monsters as part of an all-new storyline. The PC release also comes packed with a number of additional visual and performance enhancing optimizations. Ferocious monsters with unique ecologies Hunt down a plethora of monsters with distinct behaviors and deadly ferocity. From classic returning monsters to all-new creatures inspired by Japanese folklore, including the flagship wyvern Magnamalo, you’ll need to think on your feet and master their unique tendencies if you hope to reap any of the rewards! Choose your weapon and show your skills Wield 14 different weapon types that offer unique gameplay styles, both up-close and from long range. Charge up and hit hard with the devastating Great Sword; dispatch monsters in style using the elegant Long Sword; become a deadly maelstrom of blades with the speedy Dual Blades; charge forth with the punishing Lance; or take aim from a distance with the Bow and Bowguns. These are just a few of the weapon types available in the game, meaning you’re sure to find the play style that suits you best. Hunt, gather and craft your way to the top of the food chain Each monster you hunt will provide materials that allow you to craft new weapons and armor and upgrade your existing gear. Go back out on the field and hunt even fiercer monsters and earn even better rewards! You can change your weapon at any of the Equipment Boxes any time, so the possibilities are limitless! Hunt solo or team up to take monsters down The Hunter Hub offers multiplayer quests where up to four players can team up to take on targets together. Difficulty scaling ensures that whether you go solo or hit the hunt as a full four-person squad, it’s always a fair fight. Stunning visuals, unlocked framerate and other PC optimizations Enjoy beautiful graphics at up 4K resolution, HDR with support for features including ultrawide monitors and an unlocked frame rate make to make this a truly immersive monster-hunting experience. Hunters will also get immediate access to a number of free title updates that include new monsters, quests, gear and more. Enjoy an exciting new storyline set in Kamura Village This serene locale is inhabited by a colorful cast of villagers who have long lived in fear of the Rampage - a catastrophic event where countless monsters attack the village all at once. 50 years after the last Rampage, you must work together with the villagers to face this trial. Experience new hunting actions with the Wirebug Wirebugs are an integral part of your hunter’s toolkit. The special silk they shoot out can be used to zip up walls and across maps, and can even be used to pull off special attacks unique to each of the 14 weapon types in the game. Buddies are here to help The Palico Felyne friends you already know and love from previous Monster Hunter adventures are joined by the brand new Palamute Canyne companions! Wreak havoc by controlling monsters Control raging monsters using Wyvern Riding and dish out massive damage to your targets! Fend off hordes of monsters in The Rampage Protect Kamura Village from hordes of monsters in an all-new quest type! Prepare for monster hunting on a scale like never before! ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'HDR available', 'Family Sharing'] Action Hunting Online Co-Op RPG Character Customization Multiplayer Action RPG Co-op Singleplayer Third Person JRPG PvE Fantasy Anime Dragons 3D Nature Atmospheric Open World Ninja
273350 Play Evolve for free with Evolve Stage 2! Evolve Stage 2 is a next-generation free multiplayer shooter featuring addictive 4v1 gameplay. One player-controlled monster must evade and outsmart a team of four uniquely skilled hunters. Evolve is the winner of over 60 awards, and now you can play it free with Evolve Stage 2! In a savage world of man vs nature, are you the hunter or the hunted? Turtle Rock delivers Evolve Stage 2, the next-generation free multiplayer shooter that pits four hunters against a single, player-controlled monster. Prove you’re the apex predator in unique 4v1 matches, progress your account and characters, and dominate the far-off world of Shear. All content is available in-game and can be unlocked through play, for free. No buy in or box required. Evolve Stage 2 is ready for everyone. Key Features and New Features: Stage 2: We’ve made improvements across-the-board including improved matchmaking, enhancements to all characters, visual improvements to maps, optimized performance, and improved player experiences. It’s a free game, but it’s also a much better game. 4v1: Grab three friends and hunt a monster or stalk lowly humans as an ever-evolving beast. Whichever side you choose, you have access to powerful weapons and abilities that deliver balanced, competitive gameplay. Hunt Together or Die Alone: Choose a hunter that fits your play style. Whether you play as the Trapper, Support, Assault, or Medic, every role is vital and teamwork is key in surviving an encounter with the monster. Beast of Prey: As the monster – the lone predator – you are the boss battle. Use savage abilities and an animalistic sense to wreak havoc, kill the humans, and prove you are the dominant species. Savage Planet: Neither flora nor fauna are friendly on planet Shear. Fall victim to natural hazards or use them strategically against your prey. Character Customization: Level up to unlock new upgrades, skins and perks for your favorite class: hunter or monster. Earn your infamy on the leaderboards and become the apex predator ['Action', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Family Sharing'] Action Multiplayer Co-op FPS Online Co-Op Shooter Team-Based Survival Sci-fi Aliens PvP First-Person Class-Based Strategy Atmospheric Third Person Tactical Singleplayer Stealth Casual
221100 How long can you survive a post-apocalyptic world? A land overrun with an infected 'zombie' population, where you compete with other survivors for limited resources. Will you team up with strangers and stay strong together? Or play as a lone wolf to avoid betrayal? This is DayZ – this is your story. DayZ Cool &amp; Deluxe Editions About the Game This is your Story DayZ is a hardcore survival game where players must strive to endure a post-apocalyptic world populated by frenzied infected and other survivors. DayZ includes the original Chernarus terrain, and the Livonia terrain. Chernarus – The iconic DayZ terrain, set in the post-soviet state of Chernarus and encompassing 230 km2 of hand-crafted environment based on real life locations. Livonia – The dense 163 km2 map lets players experience the hardcore survival hit in a whole new environment. Players can put their survival skills to the test by venturing into the unfamiliar land of Livonia, and seeing just how long they can last in this deadlier-than-ever world. Meet Others Up to 60 players are struggling to survive by any means necessary at any given time. Make friends, kill on sight, build a base, or risk being betrayed over a can of tasty beans. Use VOIP to interact with other players however you see fit. Every encounter is meaningful when your life is always on the line. Be wary. Stay alert. Trust no one. Survive Chernarus The infected aren’t the only ones you need to worry about – there’s also the wildlife and elements. Evade packs of wolves and frenzied bears, find shelter from the punishing rain, search for light in the darkness of night. You’ll also need to master complex survival mechanics concerning your hunger, thirst, body temperature, and more. Loot Up Always make sure your gear is ready. Patch up damaged clothes, craft improvised items, and head out to deceptively dead cities to scavenge for valuable resources. Fix a car and hide it in your secret base under a cover of well-placed traps. Step into contaminated zones if you dare and keep your eyes peeled for precious loot. Don’t forget that you won’t get far without a full hazard suit and gas mask. Take your Shot Intense PvP action can break out anywhere at any time, especially in hotspots like abandoned military bases, where heart-pounding firefights are all the rage. Some survivors want your loot, others are simply hunting for sport. Then there are those who are afraid you’ll shoot first. Learn how to fight and know when the time has come to swallow your pride and flee. One bullet can change absolutely everything. Always watch your back. Install Mods Head on over to the Steam Workshop and find a customized server that fits. Join an active community of like-minded players and modify your DayZ experience to suit your taste. Browse thousands of fan-made features, maps, and guns – all of which are easily managed directly from the game launcher. Enter Livonia Teeming with wildlife, ruins, and hidden locations, Livonia offers 163 km2 of fields, forests, and mysterious landscape – a unique new experience that will appeal to newcomers and DayZ veterans alike. Explore the Land An exciting variety of undiscovered locations awaits the brave and adventurous. Explore murky swamps, abandoned hunting cabins, sawmills and deforested areas, as well as massive quarries containing stashes of leftover explosives. Follow the bear Livonia’s food supply is scarce. If you want to survive, you’ll have to learn how to hunt, fish, and forage in the unforgiving wilderness. Luckily, the land appears to be more alive now than it ever was before the apocalypse. Discover the secret Venture south and find the hidden entrance that leads to a mysterious underground complex. Make sure you’re with a friend while you look for a way in. And don’t forget to bring some supplies, especially a flashlight. Otherwise you might get lost in the darkened maze of corridors awaiting all who enter. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Massively Multiplayer'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled'] Survival Open World Online Co-Op Zombies Multiplayer Post-apocalyptic Shooter PvP Action Massively Multiplayer FPS Horror Co-op Sandbox Adventure Survival Horror First-Person Simulation Atmospheric Choose Your Own Adventure
363970 Ever wondered what one quadrillion damage per second feels like? Wonder no more! Embark on your quest to attain it today! Ever wondered what one quadrillion damage per second feels like? Wonder no more! Embark on your quest to attain it today! Start out by clicking on the monster to kill them, and get their gold. Spend that gold on hiring new heroes and get more damage. The more damage you deal, the more gold you will get. Feel the power as you grow exponentially and become the greatest ever! Hire 35 unique heroes to help you do damage without having to click! Meet legendary figures from myth and legend, such as Athena, Amenhotep, King Midas, and more! They will all lend their sword to your cause, for a cost. These guys' damage per second makes your MMO characters look like kindergarteners. Spend your hard-earned loot on upgrading them to gain special powers to aid you in getting even more gold! Click your way to defeat powerful monsters. Fight over 100 different monsters, all beautifully drawn and animated. Watch out for the bosses! Need to do the laundry? Give the puppy a shower? No worries! Your heroes will farm monsters and automatically collect the gold while you're gone, even when the game is closed. But don't forget to come back and spend all that sweet gold on new heroes and upgrades! ['Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Simulation', 'Strategy', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases', 'Steam Cloud', 'Stats'] Clicker Idler Casual 2D Management Free to Play Indie Funny Strategy Multiplayer RPG Fantasy Family Friendly Adventure Simulation Touch-Friendly Singleplayer Action Addictive Illuminati
700330 Deep within a secure underground facility, a sudden containment breach allows many of the secured anomalies to escape from their chambers. Assist the Foundation in re-securing the facility, help the Insurgency in their goal to capture it, or wreak havoc as an SCP in a frantic bid to escape. Deep within one of the SCP Foundation’s emergency containment sites, a catastrophic containment breach leads to multiple SCP subjects being released from their cells. With containment compromised, facility personnel rush to evacuate while waiting for Mobile Task Forces to arrive and restore order, but with the Class-D population running amok in a desperate attempt to escape, along with the involvement of the Chaos Insurgency, the fate of Site-02 remains uncertain. SCP: Secret Laboratory (SCP:SL) is a free-to-play multiplayer horror game where you must escape from fearsome entities, or fight to secure a facility under the control of the SCP Foundation, an organisation which seeks to secure and contain anomalous items and creatures in order to protect humanity. These objects, or SCPs, range from mundane-looking items with extraordinary effects, to horrific abominations capable of bypassing the most impenetrable containment methods the Foundation puts in place. Throughout the game, you will witness the perspective of the 5 different human classes, each trying desperately to survive. These include: Scientists: Foundation personnel caught in the midst of the chaos, they must work with Facility Guards and the Mobile Task Force while using their equipment and wits to escape. Class-D Personnel: Prisoners and test subjects using the breach to their advantage, they start with nothing and will do anything it takes to escape from the Foundation. Facility Guards: The woefully unequipped first responders who must help the Scientists escape, prevent the Class-D from escaping, and hold back the SCPs for as long as possible until the Mobile Task Force arrive. Mobile Task Force: Specialised re-containment agents sent into containment breaches to restore order and eliminate threats, they are tasked with assisting in the evacuation of Scientists and taking down anything that poses a threat to the Foundation. Chaos Insurgency: Soldiers of an unknown directive, who are ordered to attack major Foundation sites and terminate all Foundation personnel. They also aim to rescue Class-D Personnel in order to gather useful information from them. Site-02 is a sprawling maze of different zones. Light Containment Zone, where Scientists and Class-D Personnel reside. Heavy Containment Zone, where the SCPs are contained. Entrance Zone, where Facility Guards are stationed, and Surface Zone, where the evacuation point is located, along with the insertion points for Mobile Task Forces and Chaos Insurgents. The site is prepared for these breaches, containing numerous emergency measures — from Tesla Gates able to electrocute anything caught in the blast, to emergency bulkheads able to temporarily hold back threats from a fleeing target, or even the on-site nuclear warhead capable of vaporising the entire underground section of the site. Despite all the security precautions and safety measures, Site-02 is not impenetrable . Fight alongside and against other players in order to help the Foundation restore containment and order, sabotage the site as the Insurgency, or kill everyone as a SCP in a murderous rampage. ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ SCP:SL was initially inspired by the well-known single-player horror game, SCP – Containment Breach (2012) by Undertow Games. Northwood Studios has since deviated from Containment Breach — instead opting to create a more unique and original game environment, complete with its own expanding lore. The Studio's aspiration is to present players with an authentic and immersive game experience that is strongly rooted within the SCP universe. ['Action', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled'] Free to Play Multiplayer Horror First-Person Co-op Survival Horror Shooter Online Co-Op FPS Action Memes Survival Sci-fi Psychological Horror Atmospheric Strategy Difficult Indie Adventure Fantasy
322170 Jump and fly your way through danger in this rhythm-based action platformer! Jump and fly your way through danger in this rhythm-based action platformer! Prepare for a near impossible challenge in the world of Geometry Dash. Push your skills to the limit as you jump, fly and flip your way through dangerous passages and spiky obstacles. Game Features Rhythm-based Action Platforming! Lots of levels with unique soundtracks! Build and share your own levels using the level editor! Thousands of high quality user generated levels! Unlock new icons and colors to customize your character! Fly rockets, flip gravity and much more! Use practice mode to sharpen your skills! Lots of achievements and rewards! Challenge yourself with the near impossible! Steam users get two exclusive unlockable icons! ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Difficult Music Level Editor Great Soundtrack Precision Platformer 2D Rhythm Singleplayer Colorful Platformer Character Customization Indie Arcade Side Scroller Family Friendly Action Funny Casual Strategy Adventure
113400 The world’s first and premier Action MMO Third Person Shooter allows you to choose between two sides of the law. Play as Enforcer or Criminal, customize your gear for the task at hand and hit the streets and play how you want in a city filled with more action this side of a Hollywood blockbuster. Welcome to San Paro! What once was lawless heaven for deviants has turned into a warzone. There are new sheriffs in town. Take up to arms as a hardened Criminal or a rugged Enforcer and fight to regain dominance of the city's streets. APB: Reloaded is an action MMO third-person shooter with endless customization options that will bring you blockbuster-like gaming action! An imposing skyline, vibrant nightlife, and street violence all make San Paro the place to be for any thug worth their salt. But tread carefully. You're still wet behind the ears, so use them and listen up: This city broke people bigger, better, bolder than you. We don't ask what (mis)fortune led you here, but we will ask what you are bringing to the table. KEY FEATURES: An unmatched 100 players District cap dedicated to massive open-world PVP combat in the vibrant settings of San Paro's Financial and Waterfront districts. Ever-expanding character, clothing, weapons, and vehicle customization. The possibilities are endless! A vast and ever-increasing arsenal of weapons and modifications: bandoliers, hunting sights, cooling jackets, extended mags, and more! Choose between dozens of vehicles like muscle cars, trucks, and everything in between. Each vehicle is unique, with its own specific handling and physics. A lively urban environment wherever you go, packed with progression missions and around-the-clock PVP brawls against other players. Create custom theme songs with an in-game music studio and set up a perfect sound signature for your character. Extensive customization, add a personal touch to your body, clothes, signature symbols, favorite vehicles, weapons, and more! Packed with action, uniquely extensive customization possibilities, kick-ass music, and nostalgic, vibrant visuals, APB: Reloaded offers you an immersive and creatively unlimited MMO shooter experience like no other. It's time to choose a side. Whether Enforcer or Criminal, leave no mission incomplete. Those you respond to will reward you handsomely. Measure your strength against the opposite faction in real-time PVP within the bustling compounds of the Financial District or on the vast shoreline of the Waterfront District and complete mission objectives to progress through the ranks of your respective faction. As a Criminal, you will be expected to wreak havoc and nurture San Paro's tradition of Anarchy. Steal, maim, and make the city and the Enforcers fear you. Fear is respect; respect is survival. Blood Roses and G-Kings want only the roughest hoodlum in their rows. Or perhaps you believe there's a future in governed order? Prentiss Tigers and the Praetorians are looking for fresh blood. Join Enforcers, and show Criminals that there's a new government on the streets. Whatever you do: do not hesitate. The hunt is on! In San Paro, it's all about the image, and APB: Reloaded provides the perfect tools to make it all about you. Sign up today, and leave your mark on the streets of San Paro! ['Action', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'Steam Achievements'] Free to Play Open World Multiplayer Action Character Customization Massively Multiplayer Shooter Third-Person Shooter PvP Crime Third Person Co-op Racing Sandbox FPS Adventure Nudity Singleplayer Hacking Anime
308600 Gene Shift Auto is a GTA-style battle royale with roguelike build crafting. Loot, shoot, and adapt your build to create godlike synergies before the final fight. Gene Shift Auto is a roguelite-inspired battle royale set in a chaotic GTA-inspired city. It has cops, missions, car chases and more. This city is a playground full of risk and reward, and by mastering it you'll level up powerful abilities like Invisibility, Spike Traps, and Car Bombs. Like a roguelike, skill choices are randomly generated, so each game plays different and you'll need to adapt to survive. And with ultra-fast 5 minute rounds, you'll have to think on your feet to create a skill build strong enough to win the final showdown! In Gene Shift Auto looting really matters - you're not just upgrading your gun! You're leveling up gameplay changing abilities like Force Field, Bullet Time, Plasma Ball, and Bouncing Bullets. These abilities are easy to learn but hard to master, and provide a high skill ceiling perfect for game-winning clutch plays. When you level up you must choose from 2 randomly selected skills. Just like a roguelike, this makes each game play differently, and you are rewarded for your ability to adapt and create synergistic skill builds on the fly. Want to level up fast? This chaotic city has multiple paths to victory! You can do missions, fight for supply drops, explore for rare loot, and if you're feeling risky - aggro the cops. But remember, the circle is shrinking. You have to balance risk with reward to earn as much farm as possible, while still surviving to the final showdown. Do you spend your precious time shopping for the perfect weapon? Pre-placing hidden bombs in the showdown area? Or obliterating waves of cop cars as you climb the wanted levels? The choice is yours. The circle is shrinking - fast! While other BRs have one long round, Gene Shift Auto has 3 ultra-fast rounds - with a high-stakes showdown every 5 minutes. Win round 3 to win the game! Your skill build progresses from round to round, and if you die you get to keep playing too. You'll play as a zombie and can loot for the next round - or hunt down a survivor to revive. No queueing time, no getting booted to the main menu, just pure refined non-stop action. Other Cool Features A singleplayer / coop survival mode with leaderboards and custom difficulty modifiers Choose from 8 classes, each with a unique playstyle and strategy Design skill builds that adjust the pool of skills you'll choose from in-game Wacky challenges, groovy cosmetics, and stats tracking to show off your favorite skills Small download and instant join times mean you can start playing in minutes! ['Action', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Free To Play', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'In-App Purchases'] Battle Royale Rogue-lite Free to Play Top-Down Shooter Multiplayer Action Shooter Hero Shooter Arena Shooter PvP Indie Top-Down 2D Rogue-like Action Roguelike Online Co-Op Early Access Character Customization Cyberpunk PvE
555570 The New Z is a FREE TO PLAY multi-game mode experience. SURVIVE with friends and gather loot, stash and trade. Go into wars against other groups in a massive OPEN WORLD or face them 5 v 5 in COMPETITIVE. Infestation: The New Z is a FREE TO PLAY multi-game mode experience developed from community feedback. Experience a massive open world shooter featuring a dynamic player vs player experience in different game modes and worlds. Discover four separate free-to-play game modes in one game. OPEN WORLD Experience the traditional PvP aspect of The New Z. In Open World players have the choice to play in traditional maps or smaller close combat maps. Loot is common creating a more PvP-oriented experience. Do missions, take over territories and fight other clans in this intense game-mode. SURVIVAL Scavenge, craft &amp; survive in a massive open world. Find the best loot spots with your friends but be careful, you might run into some pesty zombies or even other survivors! Survival is a game mode where gameplay and loot is influenced by the old Infestation series, also released under the title The War Z . COMPETITIVE Group up or play alone in groups of 5. Climb the ranking system in this fast-paced and intensive new game mode. The New Z is developed based on community feedback with constant updates &amp; changes. The game comes armed with the custom made 'Fredaikis Anti-Cheat' originally developed for the game. The New Z offers servers in Europe, North America, South America and Hong Kong. Key Features Explore massive open worlds featuring several maps with different landscape settings. Group up with friends and tackle missions, loot and fight other clans over territories. Loot a massive selection of weapons and fight other players in both 1st and 3rd person. Discover a wide selection of skins, character clothes, sprays that lets you make your personal character unique! Fight zombies and other mutated creatures for experience and in-game currency. Trade your hard-earnt loot with other players in several trading lounges. Play monthly events with limited-availability content. Enjoy a fair game experience thanks to the innovative Fredaikis Anti-Cheat engine. ['Action', 'Indie', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases'] Zombies Free to Play Survival Multiplayer Open World Massively Multiplayer FPS Shooter Action PvP Co-op Survival Horror RPG Adventure Violent Horror Third-Person Shooter PvE Indie Walking Simulator
1286830 STAR WARS™: The Old Republic™ is a free-to-play MMORPG that puts you at the center of your own story-driven saga. Play as a Jedi, Sith, Bounty Hunter, or one of many other iconic STAR WARS roles in the galaxy far, far away over three thousand years before the classic films. STAR WARS™: The Old Republic™ is the only massively multiplayer online game with a Free-to-Play option that puts you at the center of your own story-driven STAR WARS™ saga. Play as a Jedi, a Sith, a Bounty Hunter, or as one of many other iconic STAR WARS roles and explore the galaxy far, far away over three thousand years before the classic films. With 6 narrative expansions, become the hero of your own STAR WARS adventure as you choose your path down the Light or Dark side of the Force™. Create your legacy. Make meaningful choices throughout your journey and become the hero of your personal STAR WARS saga. The game includes an interactive storyline with cinematic dialogue and full voiceover for all in-game characters. A growing world awaits. For more than 10 years, players have been able to live out their own STAR WARS stories. With the most recent Onslaught expansion, STAR WARS: The Old Republic continues to deliver ongoing content through regular updates. 8 Unique Stories, 16 Combat Styles. Do you prefer the elegance of a lightsaber or the reliability of a good blaster by your side? Choose from one of 8 iconic, unique storylines, allowing you to create your own personal STAR WARS story. The Legacy of the Sith Expansion also introduces Combat Styles! Players can now separate their Class Story from gameplay style for an even greater customization experience. This frees up Advanced Class options as characters can choose any Advanced Class within the Tech or Force playstyle! Play as a Trooper wielding a Sniper Rifle, or a Sith Inquisitor with a lightsaber in each hand, or even secretly use Dark Side powers while posing as a member of the Jedi Order. Explore numerous planets. Hoth, Tatooine, Alderaan, and over 20 other unique and vibrant planets offer exciting exploration and thrilling adventures around every corner! Multiplayer gameplay. Gather your allies to face challenging encounters against enemy bosses in Flashpoints and Operations, or battle against other players in Player vs. Player Warzones, Arenas, or Galactic Starfighter missions! Galactic Strongholds Want to take a break from the inter-galactic traveling and adventure? Kick back and relax with our player housing system called Galactic Strongholds! Whether it’s overlooking the sandy dunes of Tatooine, the bright cityscape of Nar Shaddaa, or the tranquil mountains of Alderaan, there’s a Stronghold for everyone. These destinations and more are available for your galactic homestead! Cartel Market. Only the slickest items can make their way to the Cartel Market, the premium marketplace for the galaxy’s most sought-after commodities. Players wishing to buy things here will need to purchase in-game currency called Cartel Coins. Learn more about what Cartel Coins can unlock on our Cartel Coins Page. Subscriber Benefits. STAR WARS: The Old Republic offers an optional subscription that allows you to experience even more of the STAR WARS universe. Benefits include an increased level cap of 80 and access to the most recent expansions: Legacy of the Sith, Onslaught, Knights of the Eternal Throne, and Knights of the Fallen Empire. In addition, you will receive a monthly Cartel Coin Grant, increased XP, and more. Details on Subscriber Benefits can be found on our Subscriber Page. ['Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases'] Free to Play MMORPG Multiplayer Character Customization Open World RPG Story Rich Choices Matter Massively Multiplayer Sci-fi Adventure Space Action Third Person PvP Atmospheric Action RPG Party-Based RPG Great Soundtrack CRPG
231430 Experience the ultimate WWII RTS platform with COH2 and its standalone expansions. This package includes the base game, which you can then upgrade by purchasing The Western Front Armies, Ardennes Assault and/or The British Forces. More info in the 'About This Game' section below. Powered by the Essence Engine 3.0, the Company of Heroes 2 series feature some unique mechanics rewarding thoughtful players. From the TrueSight™ system that emulates the units’ line of sight to the cover-system that encourages clever unit placement – not to mention the combined arms approach and the hard and soft counters gameplay that will make you think twice before trying to destroy a tank with a simple squad of riflemen – each game presents players with an uninterrupted stream of meaningful tactical choices that can turn the tide of war. PICK YOUR FIGHT NB: multiplayer standalones allow you to play on any map against anyone owning any COH2 product. The Company of Heroes 2 base game gives you access to two multiplayer armies from the Eastern Front: the Red Army (SOV) and the Wehrmacht Ostheer (GER). It also comes with a gritty single-player campaign that will give you a chance to familiarize yourself with the series core tenets. Step into the boots of a Soviet commander of the Red Army, entrenched in brutal frontline warfare to free Mother Russia from the Enemy invaders! Adjust your tactics to take into account the brutal weather conditions and wield the might of the Soviet Empire as you smash your way to Berlin. Company of Heroes 2: The Western Front Armies adds two new factions from the Western Front to the roster of playable multiplayer armies: the Oberkommando West (OKW) and the US Forces (USF). While the former puts you in charge of an aggressive and powerful army with very specialized and elite units – yet in very limited numbers – the latter introduces an expeditionary corps that allows for a variety of approaches and very powerful combined arms tactics, but which inevitably falls a bit short in the heavy armor department. Company of Heroes 2: Ardennes Assault offers a compelling single-player campaign for the USF faction revolving around the Battle of the Bulge. Engage in a dynamic non-linear campaign across the Ardennes landscape consisting of 18 scenarios, choose between three iconic companies, customize their abilities and bear the consequences of your actions as overall company health persists between missions. Company of Heroes 2: The British Forces is the latest entry in the series and features this iconic Allied army from WWII (UKF). Experience a unique tech-tree that challenges the player to balance the constant trade-off between mobility and defense. Surprise your opponents with your development choices and an open end game configuration. Enjoy an army with character and distinctive units &amp; abilities, from the Churchill Crocodile flamethrower tank to the RAF glider. KEY FEATURES AWARD WINNING FRANCHISE Sequel to the highest rated strategy game of all time returns with an innovative warfare experience that will redefine the Strategy genre once more ESSENCE ENGINE 3.0 Cutting-edge technology that increases the graphical quality and accuracy of deadly combat with the unprecedented TrueSight™ system, the ultrarealistic ColdTech™ dynamic weather that changes strategic warfare forever and improved environmental destruction TACTICAL WARFARE Develop and utilize your new Commander Abilities and experience the up-close moment-to-moment brutality of frontline warfare through new Dynamic Battle Tactics INTENSE ONLINE COMBAT Featuring the great competitive and co-operative multiplayer that fans have grown to expect from this high-quality and critically acclaimed franchise MULTIPLAYER ARMIES COMPARISON Find out the multiplayer army (and associated game/standalone) that suits your play style. ['Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Stats', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy World War II RTS Multiplayer Tactical War Historical Military Singleplayer Co-op Online Co-Op Base-Building Tanks Real-Time Action Real-Time with Pause Atmospheric Simulation Great Soundtrack Adventure
844870 'KurtzPel is an anime-styled, action battle game from a third-person perspective. Players can battle it out in both PvP and PvE mission-based battle modes with massive boss monsters. Players utilize Karmas (the method used to indicate weapon and class types) when charging into battle. Each character gets to use two types of Karmas. KurtzPel is a 3rd Person, Anime-Inspired, Action Battle Game created by KOG, the developers of Grand Chase and Elsword Online. You can enjoy various 2vs2 PvP Modes queued up by a smart, automated match-making system. Or, you can embark upon a larger-than-life, raid style, quest driven battle system against big, bad boss monsters. In KurtzPel, classic action game dynamics are enabled when players empower their characters with 2, separate jobs (Karma) that can be used interchangeably. Main Content Promotion Mission(PVP) Deathmatch (PVP) - Defeat your enemies and whoever scores more points will win. Capture the Flag (PVP) - Acquire the Flag in the battlefield and whoever scored the most point at the end of the match will win. Conquest (PVP) - Split to Red &amp; Blue team and whoever has captures the zone when the match is over wins. Epic/Repeat Mission (PVE) Fight important enemies in the KurtzPel universe and discover the story of KurtzPel by interacting with Hero NPCs. Also, has a low chance to drop special reward (Accessories and etc.) and has multiple difficulties and provides challenges in PVE fashion. Character Customization System Select your personality and provide appearance options depending on your selection to lessen the difficulty of selecting your character’s appearance. You can select body type, height, and other appearance feature to create your unique character. Karma (Weapon) Switching System There are two roles, breaker and slayer. You can switch your karma at any time during the battle. Costume System Weapon, Costume (Top, Bottom, Innerwear), accessories (Shoes, Gloves, and 10 other slots), and dye system to customize the look of your characters even more. ['Action', 'Free To Play', 'Early Access'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'In-App Purchases'] Anime Free to Play Character Customization Multiplayer Action PvP Fantasy Fighting Third Person Massively Multiplayer Co-op Sexual Content PvE Online Co-Op Early Access Character Action Game Hack and Slash Competitive Controller Beat 'em up
370910 Set in the '90s, Kathy Rain tells the story of a strong-willed journalism major who has to come to terms with her troubled past as she investigates the mysterious death of her recently deceased grandfather. Set in the '90s, Kathy Rain tells the story of a strong-willed journalism major who has to come to terms with her own troubled past as she investigates the mysterious death of her recently deceased grandfather. Armed with her motorcycle, a pack of cigs, and a notepad, Kathy begins to delve into a local mystery surrounding her hometown that will take her on a harrowing journey full of emotional and personal turmoil. As she follows a trail of clues he left behind, questions emerge… What was Joseph Rain really looking for that night all those years ago? What turned him into a mere shell of a man, confined to a wheelchair? What secret did a suicidal young artist take with her to the grave, and why are so many people in Conwell Springs going mad? The truth is dark and sinister… 320x240 (4:3) resolution with crisp pixel art graphics 4,000+ lines of dialogue Full English voice acting directed by Wadjet Eye Games' Dave Gilbert Original soundtrack 40+ hand-drawn environments Compelling narrative with eerie plot set in the '90s ['Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Point & Click Adventure Pixel Graphics Female Protagonist Mystery Detective Indie Singleplayer Story Rich Puzzle Psychological Horror Noir Retro Hand-drawn Supernatural Third Person RPG Atmospheric Choices Matter Exploration
1151340 Bethesda Game Studios welcome you to Fallout 76. Twenty-five years after the bombs fall, you and your fellow Vault Dwellers emerge into post-nuclear America. Explore a vast wasteland in this open-world multiplayer addition to the Fallout story. Fallout 76: Enclave Armory Bundle Don protective gear and hide your C.A.M.P. experiments in a new Shelter with rewards from the Enclave Armory Bundle. Bonus items include: Enclave Lab Shelter: What secrets were they hiding in here? Decide for yourself! Enclave Technician Outfit: Gear up and get ready. Enclave Technician Helmet: Patriotism is in the air and that's all you'll be breathing in with this helmet. Vertiguard Enclave Power Armor Paint: Continue the Enclave's work in the Gleaming Depths with the Vertiguard Enclave Power Armor Paint. Vertiguard Enclave Jetpack: Fly into the Gleaming Depths! Enclave Repair Bot: Trust the Enclave to keep your C.A.M.P. at tip-top shape. 'Gleaming' Player Title Prefix 'Technician ' Player Title Suffix About the Game Bethesda Game Studios, the award-winning creators of Skyrim and Fallout 4, welcome you to Fallout 76. Twenty-five years after the bombs fell, you and your fellow Vault Dwellers—chosen from the nation’s best and brightest – emerge into post-nuclear America on Reclamation Day, 2102. Play solo or join together as you explore, quest, build, and triumph against the wasteland’s greatest threats. Explore a vast wasteland, devastated by nuclear war, in this open-world multiplayer addition to the Fallout story. Experience the largest, most dynamic world ever created in the legendary Fallout universe. Immersive Questlines and Engaging Characters Uncover the secrets of West Virginia by playing through an immersive main quest, starting from the moment you leave Vault 76. Befriend or betray new neighbors who have come to rebuild, and experience Appalachia through the eyes of its residents. Seasons Progress through each season and unlock free rewards like consumables, C.A.M.P. items and more by completing limited-time challenges. Multiplayer Roleplaying Create your character with the S.P.E.C.I.A.L system and forge your own path and reputation in a new and untamed wasteland with hundreds of locations. Whether you journey alone or with friends, a new and unique Fallout adventure awaits. Mountain Splendorland The story lives and breathes through the world of Fallout 76, which brings to life six distinct West Virginia regions. From the forests of Appalachia to the noxious crimson expanses of the Cranberry Bog, each area offers its own risks and rewards. A New American Dream Use the all-new Construction and Assembly Mobile Platform (C.A.M.P.) to build and craft anywhere in the world. Your C.A.M.P. will provide much-needed shelter, supplies, and safety. You can even set up shop to trade goods with other survivors. Fallout Worlds Play unique adventures in Appalachia with Fallout Worlds, which is an evolving set of features that give players the capability to play Fallout 76 in unique ways with customizable settings. ['RPG'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'In-App Purchases', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] Open World Multiplayer Post-apocalyptic Dark Comedy RPG Capitalism Survival Base-Building Co-op Shooter Horror MMORPG Exploration FPS Singleplayer Gore Violent Atmospheric Great Soundtrack Early Access
489520 An addictive fast-paced hybrid of Card games &amp; Tower-Defense. Play 1v1 - or bring a friend for 2v2 - and engage in epic online multiplayer battles full of innovative strategy and awesome plays! Collect 200+ cards with unique mechanics, all free! The realm's greatest Masters face off in a never-ending conflict for glory. Will you play Control, Aggressive, Swarm or Giant Minions? Choose a Master matching your playstyle and build the best deck to overthrow your opponents in short intense real-time games! Join millions of players worldwide and discover one of the best ever rated free games on Steam! Minion Masters is insanely fun and simple, but challenging to master. A Dynamic Online Tactical game for both competitive and casual players. Play 1v1 duels or combine decks in 2v2 multiplayer, with full cross-play for Steam, Xbox, and more to come! Jump into Draft to test your strategic prowess, or even Mayhem where the game rules are changed weekly! Embark on solo adventures through the different ages and conflicts of the continent. Discover the legends of the Crystal Elves, Empyreans, Zen-chi, and more! INNOVATIVE ONLINE FANTASY STRATEGY WITH RPG ELEMENTS Hold bridges to level up and unlock your Master’s powers, capable of changing the fate of a game. Summon swarms of Scrats, draw from the Book of the Dead or enrage your minions! Spells and Minions all have specific mechanics: make the right move and enable a combo to take your opponent by surprise! Choose your Master and build your deck from 9 factions, each with their own specialty. Match your Master &amp; cards to create countless combos and tactics; only your creativity is the limit. Play your own way , come up with your own strategies and show off your skill in the arena! TRULY FAIR-TO-PLAY &amp; BALANCED ONLINE MULTIPLAYER We’re committed to a fair experience in which only skill matters. In Minion Masters, you can easily earn, craft, or try to loot cards - and that’s all you’ll ever need to be competitive. Anyone can take on anyone, it all comes down to YOUR skill. This card game offers countless free rewards to help you collect over 260 minions and spells with daily quests, special events and fun game modes. Earn new cards for free and without randomness with the free season pass! JOIN A GUILD, MEET PLAYERS, PLAY CO-OP Take part in something that matters! Join a guild, you will always be welcomed in the tavern! Team up in 2v2, combine your decks to create the ultimate strategy and reach Contender rank together! Meet players in a positive and active community. Follow streamers on Twitch, earn prizes with drops and link your account to appear in the arena and interact in real-time with chat commands! FEATURE LIST Ranked 1v1 and 2v2 full of action Quick online battle games from 2 to 6 minutes Beautiful graphics in this full 3D game. Crazy modes: Draft, Mayhem, Adventures… 260+ Cards to collect from many different factions always at war 13 awesome Masters each with 3 powers, and more to come Customizable arenas, skins, emotes, guilds... Epic fantasy lore! Guilds Loads of free rewards Community tournaments Twitch prizes and events Constant community selected balance tweaks Massive new Co-op game from BetaDwarf We're making a massive new Top-down Loot &amp; Extract game and will start invites for alpha testing soon, check out our developer page to get access! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Strategy', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet'] PvE Trading Card Game Stylized Turn-Based Tactics Free to Play Multiplayer Card Battler Tactical RPG PvP Strategy Deckbuilding Card Game Real Time Tactics Online Co-Op Colorful Fantasy RTS Co-op Tower Defense Singleplayer
96000 Life on Tiny Planet was calm and carefree until a great disaster occurred - Tiny Planet was hit by a meteor! The world fell apart and now its future depends only on you! Use your imagination and creativity: in order to restore Tiny Planet and help its inhabitants you will have to fix a variety of machines and mechanisms as well as solve... WTF Is... - The Tiny Bang Story ? Games created by the artist Eduard Arutyunyan About the Game Life on Tiny Planet was calm and carefree until a great disaster occurred - Tiny Planet was hit by a meteor! The world fell apart and now its future depends only on you! Use your imagination and creativity: in order to restore Tiny Planet and help its inhabitants you will have to fix a variety of machines and mechanisms as well as solve puzzles in each of the five chapters of this game. Navigation is simple and intuitive. It doesn't distract you from the witty brain teasers, and you will be able to fully immerse yourself in the unique atmosphere of the game. There is no text in this game. It is fun for all ages and suitable for the whole family! Five vastly different chapters and over 30 exciting brain teasers (minigames) A bright, gorgeous world drawn entirely by hand Absorbing game play and simple navigation 10 enchanting musical themes ['Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Family Sharing'] Point & Click Puzzle Hand-drawn Steampunk Retro Atmospheric 2D Story Rich Casual Family Friendly Cute Stylized Surreal Adventure Hidden Object Singleplayer Indie Minigames Logic Relaxing
275390 The definitive version of the smash hit Metroidvania-style action-platformer, Guacamelee! STCE adds new levels, powers, challenges and refinements to the sprawling, ridiculous, Mexican-inspired adventure of the original Guacamelee! Gold Edition. Carlos Calaca has kidnapped El Presidente's Daughter, and he plans to sacrifice her in order to merge the World of the Living with the World of the Dead. Juan Aguacate, an agave farmer who stumbles upon a Legendary Luchador mask, must find the strength and courage to become the Hero he's always dreamed of being and put a stop to this. Guacamelee! is a Metroidvania-style action-platformer set in a magical world inspired by traditional Mexican culture and folklore. The game features melee combat, parallel dimensions and same-screen co-op. The original Guacamelee! received wide critical acclaim and was a finalist for both IndieCade and the Independent Games Festival's Excellence in Visual Art award. Key Features Non-Stop Fighting Action. An extensive move list, advanced combo engine, and anti-gravity grabs Multi-dimensional Platforming. Instantly swap between the Worlds of Living and Dead to traverse impossible terrain Combat moves double as movement, uniting platforming and fighting in a way never seen before Diverse, detailed world containing lively towns, dark forests, flowery canals and fiery volcanoes Drop in/out 4-Player local co-operative play, featuring independent dimension swapping Multiple boss characters (each with unique back stories), wide range of foes, and elite-class enemies Spectacular player abilities: The Rooster Uppercut, Frog Slam, and “Intenso” turbo-combat mode Create new custom costumes and share these with others via Steam Workshop Steam leaderboards, achievements and trading cards, support for multiple save slots, persistent cross-save-game costume unlocks Chickens. Lots and lots of chickens. Also Included: Guacamelee! Gold Edition! The original Guacamelee! Gold experience is also included with this purchase! Guac Gold was the first version of Guacamelee! to be released on Steam, before we added the extra powers, levels, enemies, gameplay and graphics enhancements that defined Guac STCE . ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Platformer 2D Metroidvania Beat 'em up Action Colorful Cartoony Indie Local Co-Op Adventure Funny Difficult Action-Adventure Co-op Singleplayer 4 Player Local Wrestling Action RPG 2D Platformer Side Scroller
1049590 Eternal Return is a free-to-play, 2.5D perspective Battle Royale game. Search, Craft, Hunt, and Fight using a variety of characters. Plan your strategy and become the last survivor on this eternal experiment. Search, Craft, Hunt! An Eternal Survival Experiment On the deserted Lumia Island, the seedy organization known as AGLAIA is conducting secret experiments on human subjects in a bid to perfect a new race of extraordinary humans. Work with your teammates and craft weapons and armor that are required for your survival! The Experiment Has Begun. ['Indie', 'Strategy', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'In-App Purchases'] Free to Play Anime Multiplayer MOBA Survival Sexual Content PvP Combat Top-Down Action Crafting 3D Strategy Character Customization Tactical MMORPG Indie e-sports Point & Click Real Time Tactics
1118200 Shoot, stab, burn, poison, tear, vaporise, or crush ragdolls in a large open space. Shoot, stab, burn, poison, tear, vaporise, or crush ragdolls. This game is for people who enjoy throwing around ragdolls but want it to be more detailed, satisfying, and feel more free while doing so. Ragdolls are simple on the outside but detailed on the inside. You can siphon their blood and replace it with nitroglycerine. You can submerge their head and cause brain damage by asphyxiation. Think of something horrible, and you can probably do it in People Playground. Afterwards, you could even hook them up to an ECG and blood supply to try to get them back on their feet. Every object in the game has its own physical properties: weight, sharpness, thermal and electrical conductivity, ferromagnetism, heat capacity, bullet resistance, and so on. The game simulates temperature, heat transfer through objects and through the air, electricity, and rigid body dynamics. All these systems combined make for emergent gameplay. You may experience behaviour that was never explicitly implemented. Mutilation aside, you are encouraged to build interesting contraptions or download them from the Steam Workshop. Construct airplanes, walkers, impenetrable bases, automatic doors, shields, computers, unholy weaponry - it's up to you! Once you get bored of the limited amount of items, you may download one of many Workshop mods and addons to expand the toy box, or you could make your own. ['Action', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Simulation'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Sandbox Gore Physics Blood Moddable Violent 2D Singleplayer Destruction Simulation Funny Building Pixel Graphics Psychological Horror Indie Action Casual Comedy Horror Choose Your Own Adventure
2195250 EA SPORTS FC™ 24 welcomes you to The World’s Game: the most true-to-football experience ever with HyperMotionV, PlayStyles optimised by Opta, and an enhanced Frostbite™ Engine. This game includes optional in-game purchases of virtual currency that can be used to acquire virtual in-game items, including a random selection of virtual in-game items. FC Points not available in Belgium. ['Simulation', 'Sports'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Shared/Split Screen PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'In-App Purchases', 'Remote Play Together', 'HDR available'] Football (Soccer) Sports Controller Multiplayer PvP e-sports Competitive PvE Local Multiplayer 3D Simulation Online Co-Op Singleplayer Local Co-Op Realistic Co-op Family Friendly Action First-Person Early Access
1237970 Respawn Entertainment gives you the most advanced titan technology in its new, single player campaign &amp; multiplayer experience. Combine &amp; conquer with new titans &amp; pilots, deadlier weapons, &amp; customization and progression systems that help you and your titan flow as one unstoppable killing force. Call down your Titan and get ready for an exhilarating first-person shooter experience in Titanfall® 2! The sequel introduces a new single player campaign that explores the bond between Pilot and Titan. Or blast your way through an even more innovative and intense multiplayer experience - featuring 6 new Titans, deadly new Pilot abilities, expanded customization, new maps, modes, and much more. KEY FEATURES Experience a captivating single player story . Titanfall® 2 features a single player campaign packed with action and inventive twists. Play as a Militia rifleman stranded behind enemy lines, who encounters a veteran Vanguard-class Titan. The two must work together to uphold a mission they were never meant to carry out. Enjoy multiplayer action that's second to none. The sequel gives players more of the adrenaline-fueled multiplayer combat they've come to expect from the franchise. Take the fast-paced, first-person action to the next level with more Titans, deadlier Pilot abilities, and much more. And be sure to stand out in the middle of all the chaos with new, expanded Pilot, Titan and loadout personalization options! Titanfall™ 2 Ultimate Edition Content The best way to jump into one of the most surprising shooters of 2016 is with the Titanfall™ 2 Ultimate Edition. Ultimate Edition includes Titanfall™ 2 base game, Deluxe Edition content (Scorch &amp; Ion Prime Titans, Deluxe Edition Warpaint for 6 Titans, Deluxe Edition Camo for all Titans, Pilots &amp; Weapons, Deluxe Edition Nose Arts for 6 Titans, Deluxe Edition Callsign), and Jump-Starter content (All Titans unlocked, all Pilot tacticals unlocked, 500 credits to unlock loadouts, cosmetics and gear, 10 2x XP tokens, the Underground R-201 Carbine Warpaint). ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV'] FPS Mechs Multiplayer Shooter Singleplayer Action Parkour Sci-fi First-Person Futuristic PvP Combat Military Fast-Paced Team-Based Time Travel Hero Shooter Violent Co-op Gore
391540 UNDERTALE! The RPG game where you don't have to destroy anyone. Welcome to UNDERTALE. In this RPG, you control a human who falls underground into the world of monsters. Now you must find your way out... or stay trapped forever. ((Healthy Dog's Warning: Game contains imagery that may be harmful to players with photosensitive epilepsy or similar condition.)) features: Killing is unnecessary: negotiate out of danger using the unique battle system. Time your attacks for extra damage, then dodge enemy attacks in a style reminiscent of top-down shooters. Original art and soundtrack brimming with personality. Soulful, character-rich story with an emphasis on humor. Created mostly by one person. Become friends with all of the bosses! At least 5 dogs. You can date a skeleton. Hmmm... now there are 6 dogs...? Maybe you won't want to date the skeleton. I thought I found a 7th dog, but it was actually just the 3rd dog. If you play this game, can you count the dogs for me...? I'm not good at it. ['Indie', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Great Soundtrack Story Rich Choices Matter Multiple Endings Pixel Graphics Funny RPG Singleplayer Indie Comedy 2D Replay Value Bullet Hell Cute Memes Retro Dark Psychological Horror Dating Sim Horror
779340 Total War: THREE KINGDOMS is the first in the award-winning series to recreate epic conflict across ancient China. Combining a gripping turn-based campaign of empire-building &amp; conquest with stunning real-time battles, THREE KINGDOMS redefines the series in an age of heroes &amp; legends. New DLC Available Total War Academy About the Game Total War: THREE KINGDOMS is the first in the multi award-winning strategy series to recreate epic conflict across ancient China. Combining a gripping turn-based campaign game of empire-building, statecraft and conquest with stunning real-time battles, Total War: THREE KINGDOMS redefines the series in an age of heroes and legends. China in 190CE Welcome to a new era of legendary conquest. This beautiful but fractured land calls out for a new emperor and a new way of life. Unite China under your rule, forge the next great dynasty, and build a legacy that will last through the ages. Choose from a cast of 12 legendary Warlords and conquer the realm. Recruit heroic characters to aide your cause and dominate your enemies on military, technological, political, and economic fronts. Will you build powerful friendships, form brotherly alliances, and earn the respect of your many foes? Or would you rather commit acts of treachery, inflict heart-wrenching betrayals, and become a master of grand political intrigue? Your legend is yet to be written, but one thing is certain: glorious conquest awaits. ANCIENT CHINA RECREATED Discover Three Kingdoms China, a land of breath-taking natural beauty. Battle across lush subtropics, arid deserts and snow-capped mountains. Marvel at legendary landmarks like the Great Wall of China and the Yangtze River. Explore the length and breadth of ancient China as you restore harmony to its embattled landscape. CHINA’S GREATEST LEGENDS Forge a new empire as one of 12 legendary Warlords drawn from China’s celebrated historical epic, the Romance of the Three Kingdoms. Peerless commanders, powerful warriors and eminent statesmen, these characters each have a unique playstyle and objectives. Recruit an epic supporting cast of heroes to command your armies, govern your provinces and strengthen your growing empire. Characters are the beating heart of the game, and China’s very future will be shaped by its champions. GUANXI SYSTEM Modelled on Guanxi, the Chinese concept of dynamic inter-relationships, Total War: THREE KINGDOMS takes a paradigm-shifting approach to character agency, with iconic, larger-than-life heroes and their relationships defining the future of ancient China. Each of these characters is brought to life with their own unique personality, motivations, and likes/dislikes. They also form their own deep relationships with each other, both positive and negative, that shape how your story plays out. ARTISTIC PURITY With stunning visuals and flamboyant Wushu combat, THREE KINGDOMS is the art of war. With beautiful UI, vibrant vistas and authentic Chinese-inspired artwork, this reimagining of ancient China is a visual feast. REAL-TIME &amp; TURN-BASED HARMONY The turn-based campaign and real-time battles of Total War: THREE KINGDOMS are more interconnected than ever before. Actions in battle now have much greater consequences, affecting your Heroes’ relationship towards you, as well as the friendships and rivalries they develop with other characters. In a world where powerful allies are one of the keys to success, this adds a brand-new element to how victory is achieved. ['Action', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'LAN PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy Historical War Turn-Based Strategy Grand Strategy RTS Military Multiplayer Tactical Singleplayer Real Time Tactics Action Turn-Based Great Soundtrack Co-op Simulation Sandbox Violent Fantasy Destruction
268500 XCOM 2 is the sequel to XCOM: Enemy Unknown, the 2012 award-winning strategy game of the year. Earth has changed and is now under alien rule. Facing impossible odds you must rebuild XCOM, and ignite a global resistance to reclaim our world and save humanity. XCOM 2 is the sequel to XCOM: Enemy Unknown , the 2012 award-winning strategy game of the year. Earth has changed. Twenty years have passed since world leaders offered an unconditional surrender to alien forces. XCOM , the planet’s last line of defense, was left decimated and scattered. Now, in XCOM 2 , the aliens rule Earth, building shining cities that promise a brilliant future for humanity on the surface, while concealing a sinister agenda and eliminating all who dissent from their new order. Only those who live at the edges of the world have a margin of freedom. Here, a force gathers once again to stand up for humanity. Always on the run, and facing impossible odds, the remnant XCOM forces must find a way to ignite a global resistance, and eliminate the alien threat once and for all. XCOM ON THE RUN: Take command of the Avenger, an alien supply craft converted to XCOM’s mobile headquarters. New open-ended gameplay lets you decide where to guide your strike team, how to grow popular support, and when to combat enemy counter-operations. RECRUIT RESISTANCE FIGHTERS: Five soldier classes, each with its own skill tree, let you create specific soldiers for your tactical plan. TACTICAL GUERRILLA COMBAT: New gameplay systems offer more tactical flexibility in combat. Use concealment to ambush enemy patrols. Loot enemies for precious gear and artifacts. Rescue VIPs and save fallen comrades by carrying them to the extraction point. A NEW BREED OF ENEMY: A diverse cast of enemies from powerful new alien species to the ADVENT, enforcers of the alien regime, offer a distinct tactical challenge. RESEARCH, DEVELOP AND UPGRADE: Configure and build rooms on the Avenger to give XCOM new capabilities on the battlefield. Use your Scientists and Engineers to research, develop and upgrade weapons and armor to fit your preferred tactics. EACH MISSION IS A UNIQUE CHALLENGE: Go on missions around the world, from wildlands to the heart of the alien-controlled megacities, to the depths of alien installations. There are virtually infinite combinations of maps, missions and goals. ['Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy Turn-Based Turn-Based Strategy Tactical Turn-Based Tactics Aliens Sci-fi Character Customization Singleplayer Difficult Multiplayer RPG Moddable Perma Death Futuristic Action Atmospheric Great Soundtrack Co-op Base-Building
394360 Victory is at your fingertips! Your ability to lead your nation is your supreme weapon, the strategy game Hearts of Iron IV lets you take command of any nation in World War II; the most engaging conflict in world history. Hearts of Iron IV: Expansion Pass 1 Get Hearts of Iron IV today About the Game Take charge of history’s greatest war machines in Hearts of Iron IV , a grand strategy wargame that challenges your strategic abilities and political insight. Refight World War II at the head of nation from the time period, building up an industrial powerhouse and a diplomatic alliance that will effectively wage war on ideological opponents. Hearts of Iron IV is more than a historical simulation. Alternate historical paths open up with almost every decision you make, from small ones such as where to launch your attack to crack open Fortress Europe, to large ones, such as whether to re-establish democracies or long forgotten monarchies. In Hearts of Iron IV , you can plan the military strategy almost down to the rivets, as you design division templates for your armies, research new modes of production and means of destruction, set out factory instructions and pursue political objectives. Almost no part of the war goes untouched as you guide a nation of your choice through humanity’s darkest hour. This purchase comes with the Hearts of Iron IV base game as well as three expansion packs: Death or Dishonor: focuses on eastern and central European middle powers Together for Victory: focuses on British Commonwealth nations Waking the Tiger: focuses on China and Japan ['Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy World War II Grand Strategy War Historical Military Alternate History Multiplayer Simulation Tactical Real-Time with Pause Singleplayer RTS Diplomacy Sandbox Co-op Strategy RPG Open World Competitive Action
346900 Welcome, eager young investor, to AdVenture Capitalist! Arguably the world's greatest Capitalism simulator! AdVenture Capitalist Merchandise Find the latest AdVenture Capitalist Swag here: About the Game Hey there Fancy Pants! Have you ever found yourself queuing up for your favourite interactive adventure, only to wish for something to fill the empty space while you’re waiting? Well have WE got a deal for you! Introducing AdVenture Capitalist - the game you play while playing other, better games! AdVenture Capitalist is the world’s greatest capitalism simulator. Start with a humble lemonade stand, and squeeze your way to total fiscal domination! Earn ridiculous sums of cash, diversify your investments, and attract smarmy Angel Investors to give your businesses a boost! And the best part is, AdVenture Capitalist can even play itself! Get your businesses booming, then hire a manager to keep making the dough while you’re gone. Money keeps accumulating while you’re offline, just waiting for you to come back and spend spend spend! IT’s so easy, even a socialist could do it! The Job Creator was within you all along... now show the rest of the world what you're made of! (Hint: it's money!) Start your rags to riches adventure - Only in AdVenture Capitalist! ['Casual', 'Indie', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud'] Clicker Idler Management Capitalism Automation Real-Time Point & Click Character Customization Strategy Relaxing 2D Funny Casual Simulation Family Friendly Comedy Adventure Memes Singleplayer Free to Play
976730 The Master Chief’s iconic journey includes six games, built for PC and collected in a single integrated experience. Whether you’re a long-time fan or meeting Spartan 117 for the first time, The Master Chief Collection is the definitive Halo gaming experience. The series that changed console gaming forever is on PC with six blockbuster games in one epic experience. PC Settings/Optimizations Halo: The Master Chief Collection is now optimized for PC and looking better than ever at up to 4k UHD and at 60+ FPS.* Other setting options include customizable mouse and keyboard support, ultrawide support, FOV customization, and more. Campaign Featuring Halo: Reach, Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary, Halo 2: Anniversary, Halo 3, Halo 3: ODST Campaign, and Halo 4, The Master Chief Collection offers players their own exciting journey through the epic saga. Starting with the incredible bravery of Noble Six in Halo: Reach and ending with the rise of a new enemy in Halo 4, the Master Chief’s saga totals 67 campaign missions over six critically-acclaimed titles. Multiplayer Each of the six games in The Master Chief Collection brings its own multiplayer maps, modes and game types. With more than 120 multiplayer maps and countless ways to play with community-created Forge content the Collection has the most diverse and expansive Halo multiplayer experience to date. Forge Halo’s iconic map editor is improved, refreshed and better than ever. Build new maps with expanded functionality, increased budget, new objects and create new ways to play with custom game modes.** *Look to system requirements for guidance on hardware minimum specs to achieve performance metrics. **Forge mode not available in Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary or Halo 3: ODST. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'LAN PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Great Soundtrack FPS Classic Multiplayer Story Rich Sci-fi Co-op First-Person Epic Shooter Action Singleplayer Aliens Lore-Rich Beautiful Space Atmospheric Adventure Horror Online Co-Op
365590 After a deadly pandemic sweeps through New York, it's up to Agents to save what remains. Complete missions, explore the Dark Zone, and fight back enemy factions alone or with 3 friends. Experience a full endgame offering you new PvP and PvE modes. Trial Try The Division now for free! Gain access to 6 hours of gameplay, play co-op or on your own to save New York from a devastating pandemic. AGENT ORIGINS Watch Agent Origins: Escape Now! GOLD EDITION You’re part of the Division, an autonomous unit of tactical agents trained to operate independently. Your mission: protect what remains and restore hope. TCTD Gold Edition includes: - The game - The Season Pass - An exclusive “National Guard” gear set With the Season Pass, you'll receive a full year of major expansions and exclusive benefits. More details to be revealed soon ! About the Game During Black Friday, a devastating pandemic sweeps through New York City, and one by one, basic services fail. In only a few days, without food or water, society collapses into chaos. The Division, an autonomous unit of tactical agents, is activated. Leading seemingly ordinary lives among us, these Agents are trained to operate independently in order to save society. When Society Falls, We Rise. Features In this action shooter RPG, you will get a unique gameplay experience, mixing tactical combat and online features. Stride across New York’s streets alone or with up to 3 friends and define the fate of your Agent. As you explore the map, encounter dynamic events, loot &amp; craft new weapons &amp; gear, and customize your Agent to take back the city from vicious enemy factions. As you finish the campaign you will unlock new difficulty levels and transition to a whole new experience: the endgame. But be careful: the more you progress, the more challenging but also rewarding it will become. From this point, you will discover diverse activities that will keep you on the edge for months. Build your team of up to 4 Agents and discover a brand new way of playing through different modes: Incursions, Underground, Survival, the Dark Zone and many others. Agents, it’s up to you to take back New York City. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Captions available', 'In-App Purchases'] Open World Looter Shooter Multiplayer Third-Person Shooter Action Co-op Shooter RPG Online Co-Op Post-apocalyptic Survival Massively Multiplayer Tactical Third Person Singleplayer MMORPG Adventure Atmospheric FPS Stealth
766570 Russian Fishing 4 is a fishing simulator with RPG elements. There is no story line and the whole process is based on the concept of an open, free to roam and free to play game. With the development of Russian Fishing 4, our team's goal is to create a world capable of conveying our shared passion for fishing and our love of nature. Waiting for the first bite at dawn as the stars fade, holding your breath as the rod bends alarmingly under the bite of a large fish or cooking the fish you just caught by the campfire – all of this is possible in Russian Fishing 4. After all, this game is designed by anglers, for anglers. The main features of the game: Currently, the game offers 17 reservoirs with unique weather conditions and a diverse set of fish. Experience more than 190 detailed species. Over time this number will increase even further. Choose from a huge variety of fishing tackle with hundreds of modern rods, reels and accessories. The game allows free movement on the water bodies, with opportunities to fish both from the shoreline and from a boat.. Various types of fishing have been implemented, such as float, bottom and spinning. Each of them is carefully designed, using real fishing experience, and include a variety of equipment and fishing techniques. As in real life, the behavior of the fish can vary depending on weather conditions, time of day and other factors. You are given ample opportunity to develop skills, both relevant to the chosen specialization and in other related areas, including making your own lures, harvesting baits and even cooking. The game is constantly evolving, and more content will be added to enhance your fishing experience. Compare your achievements with other players in ratings, qualifications and statistics. Participate in a variety of competitions and tournaments with valuable prizes. Learn about the fish habits and gain knowledge to assemble the perfect tackle to catch your legendary trophy fish. Russian Fishing 4 –Meet you at the water’s edge! ['Adventure', 'Casual', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Simulation', 'Sports', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'In-App Purchases', 'Stats'] Fishing Multiplayer Free to Play Simulation Nature Realistic Relaxing First-Person Crafting Immersive Sim Sports Atmospheric Singleplayer Open World Survival Massively Multiplayer Casual Adventure RPG Family Friendly
1145360 Defy the god of the dead as you hack and slash out of the Underworld in this rogue-like dungeon crawler from the creators of Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre. ALSO FROM SUPERGIANT GAMES The god-like rogue-like returns! About the Game Hades is a god-like rogue-like dungeon crawler that combines the best aspects of Supergiant's critically acclaimed titles, including the fast-paced action of Bastion , the rich atmosphere and depth of Transistor , and the character-driven storytelling of Pyre . BATTLE OUT OF HELL As the immortal Prince of the Underworld, you'll wield the powers and mythic weapons of Olympus to break free from the clutches of the god of the dead himself, while growing stronger and unraveling more of the story with each unique escape attempt. UNLEASH THE FURY OF OLYMPUS The Olympians have your back! Meet Zeus, Athena, Poseidon, and many more, and choose from their dozens of powerful Boons that enhance your abilities. There are thousands of viable character builds to discover as you go. BEFRIEND GODS, GHOSTS, AND MONSTERS A fully-voiced cast of colorful, larger-than-life characters is waiting to meet you! Grow your relationships with them, and experience thousands of unique story events as you learn about what's really at stake for this big, dysfunctional family. BUILT FOR REPLAYABILITY New surprises await each time you delve into the ever-shifting Underworld, whose guardian bosses will remember you. Use the powerful Mirror of Night to grow permanently stronger, and give yourself a leg up the next time you run away from home. NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE Permanent upgrades mean you don't have to be a god yourself to experience the exciting combat and gripping story. Though, if you happen to be one, crank up the challenge and get ready for some white-knuckle action that will put your well-practiced skills to the test. SIGNATURE SUPERGIANT STYLE The rich, atmospheric presentation and unique melding of gameplay and narrative that's been core to Supergiant's games is here in full force: spectacular hand-painted environments and a blood-pumping original score bring the Underworld to life. ['Action', 'Indie', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Captions available', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Action Roguelike Rogue-lite Hack and Slash Indie Mythology Action Rogue-like Great Soundtrack Singleplayer Story Rich RPG Dungeon Crawler Replay Value Isometric Difficult Action RPG Hand-drawn Atmospheric Perma Death Souls-like
588430 Fallout Shelter puts you in control of a state-of-the-art underground Vault from Vault-Tec. Build the perfect Vault, keep your Dwellers happy, and protect them from the dangers of the Wasteland. Fallout Shelter puts you in control of a state-of-the-art underground Vault from Vault-Tec. Build the perfect Vault, keep your Dwellers happy, and protect them from the dangers of the Wasteland. BUILD THE PERFECT VAULT Create a brighter future…underground! Select from a variety of modern-day rooms to turn an excavation beneath 2,000 feet of bedrock into the very picture of Vault Life. OVERSEE A THRIVING COMMUNITY Get to know your Dwellers and lead them to happiness. Find their ideal jobs and watch them flourish. Provide them with outfits, weapons, and training to improve their abilities. CUSTOMIZE Turn worthless junk into useful items with Crafting! Customize the look of any dweller in the Barbershop. PROSPER A well-run Vault requires a variety of Dwellers with a mix of skills. Build a Radio Room to attract new Dwellers. Or, take an active role in their personal lives; play matchmaker and watch the sparks fly! EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But don’t let them die! PROTECT YOUR VAULT From time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outside…and within. Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. ['RPG', 'Simulation', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'In-App Purchases', 'Steam Cloud', 'Stats'] Free to Play Base-Building Survival Post-apocalyptic Singleplayer Management Simulation Strategy 2D Building Casual Crafting Adventure Sandbox Multiplayer RPG Funny Atmospheric Action Great Soundtrack
1238810 This is the ultimate Battlefield V experience. Enter mankind’s greatest conflict with the complete arsenal of weapons, vehicles, and gadgets plus the best customization content of Year 1 and 2. This is the ultimate Battlefield V experience. Enter mankind’s greatest conflict across land, air, and sea with all gameplay content unlocked from the get-go. Choose from the complete arsenal of weapons, vehicles, and gadgets, and immerse yourself in the hard-fought battles of World War II. Stand out on the battlefield with the complete roster of Elites and the best customization content of Year 1 and Year 2. Battlefield V Definitive Edition contains the Battlefield V base game and the definitive collection of content: All gameplay content (weapons, vehicles, and gadgets) from launch, Year 1, and Year 2 All Elites 84 immersive outfit variations for the British and German armies to enhance the WWII sandbox 8 soldier outfits from Year 2 2 weapon skins from Year 2, applicable to 10 and 4 weapons respectively 3 vehicle dressings 33 Chapter Reward items from Year 1 ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'HDR available'] FPS Multiplayer World War II Singleplayer Shooter War Military First-Person Massively Multiplayer PvP Combat Open World Action Historical Destruction Battle Royale Atmospheric Violent Sexual Content Female Protagonist
1794680 Mow down thousands of night creatures and survive until dawn! Vampire Survivors is a gothic horror casual game with rogue-lite elements, where your choices can allow you to quickly snowball against the hundreds of monsters that get thrown at you. Vampire Survivors is a time survival game with minimalistic gameplay and roguelite elements. Hell is empty, the devils are here, and there's no place to run or hide. All you can do is survive as long as you can until death inevitably puts an end to your struggles. Gather gold in each run to buy upgrades and help the next survivor. The supernatural indie phenomenon that lets you be the bullet hell! Now with local co-op for up to 4 players! Supports mouse, keyboard, controller, and touch screen. Starting Tips Take your time to grab gems and items, they won't disappear. Get two or three offensive weapons at first, but focus on leveling them up one at a time. Armour and Luck are good starting power-ups to spend money on. Refund power-ups often, it's free, and try new upgrade paths. v0.1.0 release date: - itch: Mar 31, 2021 - Steam: Dec 17, 2021 ['Action', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Action Roguelike Bullet Hell Pixel Graphics Rogue-lite 2D Vampire Indie Singleplayer Casual Arcade Action Rogue-like RPG Controller Retro Score Attack Dark Fantasy Action RPG Local Co-Op 1980s
362490 Explore, fight, survive and unravel mysteries in this unique and unforgiving 3D isometric RPG set in an original dark, low fantasy world. Exanima's exceptional attention to detail and realistic simulation of all things aim to provide a deeply immersive and dynamic gameplay experience. Explore, fight, survive and unravel mysteries in this unique and unforgiving 3D isometric RPG set in an original dark, low fantasy world. Exanima's exceptional attention to detail and realistic simulation of all things aim to provide a deeply immersive and dynamic gameplay experience. Features include a deep skill based combat system, complex and smart AI, fully interactive environments, an advanced damage model with accurate collisions and locational protection, roguelike elements and an arena mode to hone your combat skills. 'Those who would enter the underworld shall not only forfeit their lives... ...but bring oblivion to all mankind.' WARNING: THIS GAME IS ACTUALLY DIFFERENT! This game features a very deep, truly physics based combat system. This is not just some animation feature, it is a fundamental difference that is central to gameplay. Real momentum, forces and collisions are always at play here, every nuance of your inputs is crucial to the outcome. This will likely be unlike anything you've played before and may take some practice, but can be hugely rewarding and the skill cap is virtually infinite. It is not particularly fast paced or difficult but it does require you to pay attention, it is very tactical and just casually pressing buttons won't get you very far! Our goal is to create a deep and immersive RPG world based on a more advanced simulation supporting an unprecedented level of dynamic and emergent gameplay. All of the technology we use including the game engine is our own, developed from the ground up to realise this vision. Exanima is born as a prelude to Sui Generis (SG), our ambitious open world RPG that has been in development for over two years following a successful Kickstarter campaign. Exanima is a smaller yet complete game in its own right, a dungeon crawler that takes place in SG's Underworld some twenty years prior to its events. Both games are being developed in concert, many of SG's more ambitious features will make an appearance in Exanima as development continues. Exanima provides a reasonably complete and meaningful game experience, but many more features are on their way! We have met our most challenging and significant development goals, now we are ready to bring new features to light and make an even more fun and compelling adventure. Here are some of the planned features, with many already being close to completion: Per session and global character skill progression Large non-linear main game following early content Build and permanently save characters by completing early content New encounters, items and environments Ranged combat and new close quarter manoeuvres Numerous moddable thaumaturgic powers More complete arena game modes featuring outdoor arenas Complex NPC interactions and dialogue Cooperative and competitive LAN multiplayer ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Simulation', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Family Sharing'] Physics RPG Dark Fantasy Dungeon Crawler Medieval Difficult Adventure Isometric Action Early Access Singleplayer Atmospheric Indie Simulation Souls-like Character Customization Horror Rogue-like Nudity Action Roguelike
732430 Superflight is an intense, easy to learn wingsuit game with an infinite number of beautiful procedurally generated maps. A great game to relax for half an hour and chase your latest highscore! Check out our latest game: About the Game A quick note from the developers: Superflight is a game about flying in a wingsuit through colorful mountainscapes and scoring as many points as possible by pulling off risky proximity maneuvers. If you enjoy simple games about flying and speed, look no further! The controls are super intuitive and easy to learn, and there is an endless amount of procedurally generated maps for you to explore. GrizzlyGames is a very passionate but small team of three students, so please keep that in mind when you think about buying Superflight. It’s not a huge game with hours and hours of content. What we would like to offer you is a simple game that gives you the feeling of intense speed, high adrenaline moments and beautiful vistas to explore at the price of a coffee to go. Please feel free to contact us if you have feedback, questions, or problems with the game. We’ll do our best to get back to you as quickly as possible and provide support if needed. Also let us know if you enjoyed the game, because that makes our day! This game offers you: Intuitive high speed flying gameplay Endless amount of procedurally generated maps Online Leaderboards A seed system that lets you share maps with other players Bright beautiful colors Great for playing for a little while every now and then to discover some new maps and see if you can beat your old highscore This game doesn’t have: Helicopters Guns Leveling system A Soundtrack Lootboxes A cinematic story Online multiplayer Twitch live integration Character skins Orcs. ['Action', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Racing', 'Sports'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Family Sharing'] Flight Indie Relaxing Casual Procedural Generation Atmospheric Singleplayer Action Sports Physics Exploration Open World Arcade Racing Parkour Fast-Paced Simulation Score Attack Minimalist Difficult
209540 Immerse yourself in massive fleet battles where your dog-fighting skills will directly affect the fate of the cosmos. Steam Workshop Adventurous Mod-Makers can now take XedMod, the Strike Suit Toolset, for a spin... Use XedMod to create your own ships, weapons and missions for Strike Suit or break away entirely and make brand new games. About the Game In the year 2299, an interstellar war rages on. In a bid to save Earth from destruction, you must take control of the Strike Suit – a revolutionary fighter craft with the ability to transform into a lethal suit of space armor. Immerse yourself in massive fleet battles where your dog-fighting skills will directly affect the fate of the cosmos. Discover a colorful and vibrant universe, with an epic story where the fate of Earth hangs in the balance and your actions will determine the outcome: preventing Earth’s destruction is your immediate concern but preserving its future is your ultimate goal. Engage intelligent enemy fighters and take on colossal capital ships, exploiting weak points in their super-structure to blow them apart. Upgrade your ships and customize your weapon load-outs to tailor combat to your tastes. Take advantage of four unique craft, including the Strike Suit, to experience dogfighting action as you’ve never seen it before. This Is Space Combat Reborn. Key Features Fast, frantic space combat: freely engage multiple enemies, dogfight other pilots, fight massive fleet battles and defend vast structures. The Strike Suit: strategically switch from Pursuit Mode (speed and power) to Strike Mode (a powerful, highly maneuverable combat mode) Capital Ship Destruction: take capital ships apart piece by piece – take out their turrets or target weak-points to blow out entire sections of their superstructure. Multiple endings: your choices in game directly affect the state of Earth at the end of the game. Vibrant and vivid universe: space is far from the dark, featureless void it’s supposed to be. Discover the color and vibrancy of the Strike Suit universe across 13 unique locations. Ship Designs from renowned Mechanical Design engineer Junji Okubo (Appleseed: Ex Machina, Steel Battalion.) Music from award-winning composer Paul Ruskay (Homeworld) including a collaboration with Japanese singer/songwriter Kokia (Tales of Innocence, Gunslinger Girl: II Teatrino) Joystick compatible: as well as being fully optimized for mouse and keyboard, and gamepads, Strike Suit Zero is compatible with a range of joysticks for full immersion. Multi-screen support: play the game across three monitors, and discover the Strike Suit universe in all its widescreen glory. ['Action', 'Indie', 'Simulation'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'VR Support', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Includes level editor', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Space Action Mechs Sci-fi Indie Simulation Shooter Flight Singleplayer Great Soundtrack Space Sim Robots Third Person Third-Person Shooter Kickstarter Controller
1278480 Smart Game Booster is an easy-to-use yet efficient game optimization utility, essential for any gamer who wants a smoother gaming experience. Smart Game Booster is an easy-to-use yet efficient game optimization utility, essential for any gamer who wants a smoother gaming experience. Boost FPS As an efficient FPS booster, Smart Game Booster kills unnecessary processes and services with just 1-click. Normally, you will get higher than 60 FPS in your games at a safe temperature. Overclock GPU* Want to get smoother game performance without spending your money on upgrading graphic cards? Overclocking a GPU is an easy tweak to get more power out of your PC, which helps squeeze out more speed for your games. With 1-click, Smart Game Booster overclocks most Nvidia and AMD graphics cards and keeps them working at a safe temperature. *note: unlock this feature via Downloadable Content for our product. Monitor Temperature While gaming, it’s important to monitor your GPU temperature. Smart Game Booster can monitor and display your CPU &amp; GPU temperature and usage in real-time. And you’ll be informed immediately once your computer is overheating. Fast Game Launching Add all your PC games to Smart Game Booster. With just one single click, you can quickly boost your PC to peak performance and launch your games directly without delay. Better Game Performance Besides updating outdated graphics drivers, Smart Game Booster also frees up disk space, defrags game, and speeds up system response for you. Can You Run It You may want to play Cyberpunk 2077, but can your PC run it? Smart Game Booster displays your computer information and helps you check if your computer can run the games you love just in seconds. Safeguard Game Trade Equipped with Smart Game Booster, spyware can not break into your computer. Your game account and game trade would stay safe. ['Utilities'] [] Utilities Software
212480 Compete across land, water and air in incredible transforming vehicles that change from cars to boats to planes mid-race. Sonic and the All-Stars cast line up on the starting grid once again to battle for supremacy in the ultimate race. Compete across land, water and air in incredible transforming vehicles that change from cars to boats to planes mid-race. It’s Not Just Racing. It’s Racing Transformed! Key Features: Play as over 20 legendary All-Stars each with their own transforming vehicle. Race across 25 tracks and arenas. World Tour, Grand Prix, Battle Arenas, and more. Unleash ingenious weapons or utilise your character’s unique All-Star Move. 4 Player split screen and up to 10 player online events. Plus even take split screen gaming online. Sonic &amp; All-Stars Racing Collection includes Metal Sonic &amp; Ryo Hazuki DLC for free. ['Racing', 'Sports'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Racing Local Multiplayer Multiplayer Great Soundtrack Local Co-Op Sports Split Screen Arcade Replay Value 4 Player Local Controller Family Friendly Online Co-Op Singleplayer Fast-Paced Colorful Action Co-op Adventure Touch-Friendly
320240 From the independent studio that brought you Contrast, We Happy Few is an action/adventure game set in a drug-fuelled, retrofuturistic city in an alternative 1960s England. Hide, fight and conform your way out of this delusional, Joy-obsessed world. New DLC Available About the Game We Happy Few is the tale of a plucky bunch of moderately terrible people trying to escape from a lifetime of cheerful denial in the city of Wellington Wells. In this alternative 1960s England, conformity is key. You’ll have to fight or blend in with the drug-addled inhabitants, most of whom don’t take kindly to people who won’t abide by their not-so-normal rules. Discover the retrofuturistic city’s dark history as you play through the intertwined narratives of three quietly rebellious citizens of Wellington Wells, each with their own strengths and weaknesses, as they face their pasts, prepare for the future, and engage in activities that aren’t exactly status quo in the artificially enthused society. Retrofuturistic 1960s England Set in retrofuturistic 1960s England, you will find a city ravaged by war and rebuilt by delusionally happy people. Everything appears joyful in Wellington Wells, including its roads, its people, and its omnipresent television personality: Uncle Jack! But, it’s actually a world on the brink of collapse. Come unveil its dark history, and discover how and why its residents came to be so beguilingly happy. Three Interwoven Narratives Play as three flawed characters who explore their own connections to the events surrounding the rebuilding of Wellington Wells. They each have a unique storyline in which they interpret and react to the events around them in different ways. As you hide, conform, or fight back as each of them, you will encounter dark humour, a spot of hope, and even some redemption along the way. A Dystopia of Your Very Own In We Happy Few, no two playthroughs are alike. While the citizens of Wellington Wells will always want to ensure that you’ve taken your Joy, the procedurally generated world will ensure that your experience with We Happy Few is different and unique. Wellington Wells is never quite like you remember it. Take Your Joy…or Don’t. The Choice is Yours Customize your We Happy Few experience: • Choose from a range of difficulties for new and experienced players alike, • Masochistic? Try permadeath!, • Collect recipes, scavenge items, and craft dozens of weapons, tools, and devices, • Creep, crush, or conform your way through puzzles and encounters, and • Fight with the crazy weapons you can craft, or fight with your bare hands and don’t kill anyone! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Adventure Open World Action Survival Dystopian First-Person Indie Psychological Horror Horror Singleplayer Atmospheric Stealth Exploration Dark Survival Horror Crafting Mature Procedural Generation Story Rich Early Access
315430 Polarity takes it to the next level, demanding all of your wits and reflexes. Full-featured local co-op campaign. An incredible single-player experience You’re hired to hack into the most secure database on the planet by a client with big money and mysterious motives. Uncover the mystery as you progress deeper into the system’s core in this amazingly clever puzzle platformer. Polarity is made exclusively for experienced gamers. You’ll need clever wits and fast reflexes to beat the system’s security and reach the world-changing prize buried deep inside. Full-featured co-op campaign Polarity also features a separate two-player local coop campaign, which supports both gamepads and mouse &amp; keyboard. “15 co-op campaign levels were created just for multi play, and they're just as satisfying as the solo content.” Finally, there’s a kinetic 2 player versus mode that leverages Polarity’s core mechanics. “It's a bit like goalie vs. goalie soccer, but it's a riot. Gather the friends together, let's toss the ole cube around.” ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Puzzle First-Person Indie Local Co-Op Adventure Singleplayer Action Strategy Platformer Sci-fi Co-op Multiplayer FPS Great Soundtrack Atmospheric Sandbox Retro Space Shooter Difficult
393080 One of the most critically-acclaimed games in history, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare is back, remastered in true high-definition, featuring improved textures, physically based rendering, high-dynamic range lighting and much more. One of the most critically-acclaimed games in history, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare is back, remastered in true high-definition, featuring improved textures, physically based rendering, high-dynamic range lighting and much more. Developed by Infinity Ward, the award-winning Call of Duty® 4: Modern Warfare® set a new standard upon its release for intense, cinematic action, while receiving universal praise as one of the most influential video games of all-time. Winner of numerous Game of the Year honors, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare became an instant classic and global phenomenon that set the bar for first-person shooters, and now it returns for a new generation of fans. Relive one of the most iconic campaigns in history, as you are transported around the globe, including fan favorite missions 'All Ghillied Up,' 'Mile High Club,' and 'Crew Expendable.' You’ll suit up as unforgettable characters Sgt. John 'Soap' MacTavish, Capt. John Price and more, as you battle a rogue enemy group across global hotspots from Eastern Europe and rural Russia, all the way to the Middle East. Through an engaging narrative full of twists and turns, call on sophisticated technology and superior firepower as you coordinate land and air strikes on a battlefield where speed and accuracy are essential to victory. Additionally, team up with your friends in the online mode that redefined Call of Duty by introducing killstreaks, XP, Prestige and more in customizable, classic multiplayer modes. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Family Sharing'] FPS Singleplayer Shooter Action Multiplayer War Military First-Person Controller Violent Story Rich Remake Co-op Classic Stealth Gore Casual Zombies World War II Atmospheric
410210 Ampersand is a furiously fast paced racing game, with futuristic vehicles and environments. Select from multiple crafts, with varying stats and abilities, collect power-ups and drive with skill and precision to come out on top! Game Features: ★A variety of craft to choose from, with varying stats and abilities. ★Race on futuristic tracks with ultra realistic vehicles. ★Furiously fast paced racing with awesome vehicles designed with unprecedented precision. ★Unlock new tracks as you progress through the game. ★Collect different power-ups and use them to win. ★High resolution screen support. ['Indie', 'Racing'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Family Sharing'] Racing Indie Singleplayer Futuristic
2103140 'Magicraft' is a Roguelike game that uses a variety of spells to match unimaginable spell effects, and the construction of ultra-high degrees of freedom cannot even be exhausted by developers. The legend! The one who pulls out the staff will be the brave one who saves the world! Magicraft is a magic action roguelike game. The game takes the world invaded by ancient gods as the core, creating an aerial magical fantasy world. The player will be a brave man who strays into this world and pulls out the legendary staff, Crusades against monsters, combines unique spells, defeats the ancient gods, and saves the world invaded by the ancient gods! Wonderful combination of magic world and action roguelike with dark spoof style! “Magic: An Otherworldly Life from the Toilet? Setting foot on an otherworldly continent where powerful magical creatures dwell, you'll progress from novice mage to master, traveling through dense forests, purgatory, or gaps in time and space, and across five chapters to battle the Demon Lord. Evil and magical creatures will put obstacles in the way of your journey, so please save the increasingly corrupt world from the hands of the ancient gods! Weave your own magic with hundreds of powerful spells! The battle with the Demon King requires every effort to utilize your imagination and wisdom, you can reasonably combine a total of one hundred kinds of wonderful spells, colliding with unexpected amazing effects and gorgeous magic, summoner, elemental mage, melee mage? Even the producer can not think of your way through! Rich roguelike elements, enjoyable combat experience! 100 unique attribute staffs, 80 kinds of powerful relics that can bring various kinds of benefits and change the appearance of the character, 9 initial character sets, and even blacksmith forges and stores to strengthen, each game is a randomized and exclusive new experience! The deeper you go into the enemy's belly, the more you grow, and the more powerful spells you can use to bring fatal blows to the demons, making the battle full of infinite possibilities! Interesting bonus levels, challenging mini-games to get props! In addition to intense and exciting battles, the game also sets up a variety of interesting decryption levels, wizards can rely on their own power and wisdom, solve the puzzles in the map, access to new relics and spells! Battle monsters by solving puzzles and gain the courage to be able to face monsters head on! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Action Roguelike Rogue-lite Looter Shooter Bullet Hell Rogue-like Strategy RPG RPG Top-Down Deckbuilding Procedural Generation Traditional Roguelike Action Lovecraftian Magic Crafting Adventure Singleplayer Indie Addictive Early Access
314650 The world's first science-based photorealistic interactive 3D planetarium that models the entire Universe, using procedural generation for uncharted areas. SpaceEngine is a 1:1 scale science-based Universe simulator, featuring billions upon billions of galaxies, nebulae, stars, and planets, all shown at their full real-world scale. Explore Earth and our neighboring worlds in the Solar System, orbit a black hole in a galaxy billions of light-years away, or visit anything in between seamlessly, with no transitions. All of time and space are yours to explore – cruise between the stars at a million times the speed of light, and accelerate time to watch the orbital motions of a thousand worlds play out before your eyes. Every planet you encounter in your journey will feature procedural 3D terrain with detailed textures. Everything you see in the sky – stars and galaxies, planets and moons, asteroids and comets, black holes and neutron stars, star clusters and nebulae – are yours to explore at the press of a button. Spacecraft with Newtonian physics and pilot-assist autopilot features (in early development but fully usable) are yours to fly anywhere in the universe in the Flight Simulator mode. SpaceEngine is also very friendly for creators of mods and add-ons – create your own planets, star systems, even galaxies, import your own spacecraft models, create custom GUI skins, and more, all easily sharable with others. With SpaceEngine, the possibilities are limitless. SpaceEngine Planetarium capabilities: Astronomy All types of celestial objects are represented: galaxies, nebulae, stars and star clusters, planets and moons, comets and asteroids. Known celestial objects are represented using data from catalogs: galaxies (NGC/IC), stars (HIPPARCOS), star clusters, nebulae, and planets (Solar System and known extrasolar planets). Regions of space not yet cataloged feature procedurally generated objects: galaxies, stars, star clusters, nebulae, and planetary systems. Controls You are free to move around the universe – travel seamlessly between any object and any distance, from surface to orbit to interstellar and intergalactic space. Moving through space is as easy as 'click and go', as well as game-style free flight using the WASD keys or a gamepad. Also, time travel is possible: you can accelerate, decelerate, or reverse the flow of time, and jump to a specified date. Detailed interactive tutorials will familiarize you with the controls. Graphics Volumetric 3D models of galaxies and nebulae with interstellar dust clouds, and 3D landscapes on planets and stars. For many Solar System bodies, actual data from space probes is used, with huge, high-resolution texture packs available as free DLC. For unmapped and procedural planets, the surface is generated procedurally using your computer's GPU. Other features include realistic atmospheric scattering, eclipse shadows, animated auroras and comet tails, and physically-based light warping near black holes and neutron stars, with animated accretion disks and jets. Physics Realistic and physically-based generation of procedural objects (galaxies, star systems, planets) and their physical properties (mass, radius, temperature, atmospheric parameters, etc). The orbital motion of planets, moons, and stars in multiple-star systems are accurately calculated and displayed. Realistic space ship design concepts and physics: orbital motion, atmospheric flight model, and Alcubierre warp drive physics. Virtual reality SpaceEngine supports Oculus (via native library) and SteamVR (HTC Vive, Valve Index, WMR and other headsets). Support of VR controllers is partial: you can select objects with one controller and move around with the other one. Please note that VR support is still a work in progress, and new users should become familiar with the program in 2D before trying to use VR. Sound Original background music tracks made by many authors, with context-sensitive playback. Sound effects for planetary environments and space ships are in development. Tools Built-in tutorials will help you start using the Planetarium. Search for celestial objects by name and search for the nearest star systems. Browse the cosmos using a scalable Universe map and planetary system chart. Saving, exporting, and importing of locations is supported, which can easily be shared between users. The program keeps an automatic journal of objects you have recently visited. Learn every detail about the objects you find using the built-in “Wiki” info system, with additional hand-written descriptions of many known objects. Display the orbital paths of celestial objects, labels and markers, constellations, and other informational tools. Multi-language support Currently SpaceEngine is available in English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Finnish, Swedish, Croatian, Czech, Polish, Ukrainian, Russian, Catalan, Chinese, Japanese, Korean languages. Many new localizations are under development. Only localizations which are 100% complete are displayed on the Steam store page, but you can enable others in-game. Modding SpaceEngine supports creating and importing user add-ons: catalogs, models and textures for deep space objects, planets, and space ships. Spacecraft models, representing both real and fictional designs – including from popular sci-fi franchises – are commonly imported and shared by the community on the Steam Workshop. ['Casual', 'Indie', 'Simulation', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Tracked Controller Support', 'VR Support', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Workshop', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Family Sharing'] Early Access Open World Casual Sci-fi Sandbox Space Flight 3D Space Sim Science Realistic Colorful Education Simulation Relaxing Atmospheric Futuristic Indie Singleplayer Procedural Generation
330840 Game of Thrones - A Telltale Games Series is a six part episodic game series set in the world of HBO's groundbreaking TV show. This new story tells of House Forrester, a noble family from the north of Westeros, loyal to the Starks of Winterfell. Game of Thrones - A Telltale Games Series is a six part episodic game series set in the world of HBO's groundbreaking TV show. This new story tells of House Forrester, a noble family from the north of Westeros, loyal to the Starks of Winterfell. Caught up in the events surrounding the War of the Five Kings, they are thrown into a maelstrom of bloody warfare, revenge, intrigue, and horror as they fight to survive while the seven kingdoms tear themselves apart. You will take on the role of different members of the Forrester household, and determine their fate through the choices you make; your actions and decisions will change the story around you. • Developed by the creators of the award-winning The Walking Dead – A Telltale Games Series, and The Wolf Among Us • Meet and interact with characters from HBO’s hit TV show • Visit King’s Landing, The Wall and other familiar locations • Feel what it is like to play the Game of Thrones, where you win…or you die ['Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Family Sharing'] Story Rich Episodic Adventure Choices Matter Fantasy Point & Click Singleplayer Atmospheric Medieval Choose Your Own Adventure Interactive Fiction Based On A Novel Mature Nudity Gore Female Protagonist Dragons War Third Person Casual
98400 Over-the-top destruction, loads of enemies &amp; a beautifully realized cyberpunk setting. Hard Reset is here to shake up the shooter scene. Try the demo now. In the only remaining human city of Bezoar, Major Fletcher, an Army Combat Veteran and soldier of the CLN, is dragged into a conflict between two of mankind's greatest enemies. He is to discover that nothing is what it seems to be. Hard Reset is an action-packed, single-player shooter for the PC. With over-the-top destruction, loads of enemies, great weapon variety and a beautifully realized cyberpunk setting, Hard Reset is sure to shake up the shooter scene. Key features: A haunting cyberpunk / dark sci-fi setting Fast-paced, old-school shooter gameplay Hordes of enemies to destroy Epic boss fights A deep, experience-based weapon upgrade system High-fidelity graphics with full dynamic lighting Extensive use of physics and dynamic environments ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Stats', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Family Sharing'] FPS Cyberpunk Action Sci-fi Shooter Indie Singleplayer First-Person Dystopian Robots Difficult 3D Vision Violent Old School Atmospheric Gore Futuristic Boomer Shooter
847370 Sunset Overdrive transforms an open-world apocalypse into your tactical playground. Zip, grind and wall-run across Sunset City with an unconventional arsenal. Hyper-agility, unique weapons, and customizable abilities deliver an explosive and irreverent adventure in the end times. Don’t miss the single-player campaign from the game that IGN awarded Best Xbox One Game of 2014, the game that Polygon rated 9 out of 10, and the game that Eurogamer calls “a breath of fresh air.” In Sunset Overdrive, the year is 2027 and Sunset City is under siege. A contaminated energy drink has transformed most of the population into toxic mutants. For many it's the end of the world, but for you it’s a dream come true. Your old boss? Dead. Your boring job? Gone. Transform the open-world into your tactical playground by grinding, vaulting and wall-running across the city while using a devastating, unconventional arsenal. With hyper-agility, unique weapons, and customizable special abilities, Sunset Overdrive rewrites the rules of traditional shooters and delivers an explosive, irreverent, stylish, and totally unique adventure. Embrace the chaos of Sunset City through a hyper-colorful, post-apocalyptic single-player campaign and two bonus expansions, Mystery of Mooil Rig and Dawn of the Rise of the Fallen Machines. Outgun crazed mutants, homicidal robots, and villainous thugs on your journeys with the included Weapons Pack. Features: - An Open World with No Rules - Leap off buildings, run along walls, and grind power lines and rails to destroy your foes from every angle. - Over-the-top Weapons - Collect and upgrade an arsenal of unconventional weapons that use items like dynamite, fireworks, harpoons, and acid to destroy your enemies. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Open World Action Parkour Character Customization Third-Person Shooter Funny Adventure Singleplayer Comedy Violent Colorful Zombies Great Soundtrack Post-apocalyptic Third Person Shooter Fast-Paced Sandbox Female Protagonist 3D Platformer
732690 Five Nights at Freddy’s: Help Wanted is a collection of classic and original mini-games set in the Five Nights universe. Experience the horror in flat (non-VR) mode or VR. Oculus Rift and HTC Vive are supported. A VR Headset is NOT required to play. Five Nights at Freddy’s: Help Wanted is a collection of classic and original mini-games set in the Five Nights universe. Survive terrifying encounters with your favorite killer animatronics in a collection of new and classic FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY’S™ experiences. “Where fantasy and fun come to life!” A VR headset is NOT required to play. YOU’RE HIRED - Time to get your hands dirty. Repair claustrophobic ventilation systems, troubleshoot broken animatronics that could activate at any moment, or spend your evenings cowering in the nighttime security guard office. CELEBRATE - Confront your favorite killer animatronics including; Freddy, Bonnie, Chica, Foxy, Springtrap, The Mangle, Funtime Foxy, and Circus Baby. FUN FUN PRIZES - Toys, Plushies, Bobbleheads, and candy candy candy! Earn super fun prizes you can play with at the interactive Prize Counter! Collect well hidden Faz-Tokens to unlock even more rare collectibles for more SUPER FUN FUN FUN. PIZZA PARTY - Scenes from classic titles have been updated and remade for a fully immersive experience including; Five Nights at Freddy’s, Five Nights at Freddy’s 2, Five Nights at Freddy’s 3, Five Nights at Freddy’s 4, and Five Nights at Freddy’s: Sister Location. TWO WAYS TO PLAY - Experience the horror in flat (non-VR) mode or VR. Oculus Rift and HTC Vive are supported. ['Action', 'Casual'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Tracked Controller Support', 'VR Supported', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Family Sharing'] Horror VR Singleplayer Survival Horror Robots First-Person Action Dark Psychological Horror Survival Casual Difficult Atmospheric Puzzle Story Rich Indie Strategy Funny Adventure Family Friendly
294860 The critically acclaimed Valkyria Chronicles is now available on PC in 1080p True HD, including all previously released DLC! The critically acclaimed RPG Valkyria Chronicles invades PC in 1080p True HD! All previously released DLC included Set in a fictitious continent reminiscent of the 1930s, Valkyria Chronicles depicts Europa, divided and ruled by two super powers: the Empire and the Federation. The Empire has set its sights on invading the principality Gallia, which shares its borders with the two superpowers, in an attempt to secure an invaluable natural resource, Ragnite. Within this struggle a hero named Welkin, and his fellow soldiers of the Gallian Militia, ‘Squad 7’ are fighting back against the invasion and the Empire’s attempts to unify the continent under its power. During the ensuing war, Squad 7 discovers that the Empire possesses a secret weapon, known as the “Valkyrur” – an ancient race with special powers thought to exist only in legends. With this new discovery, the fate of Gallia’s ability to defeat the Empire and save the lives of the Gallian citizens… “CANVAS” graphics engine: A unique engine that produces breath taking images that look like watercolour paintings in motion. “BLiTZ” tactical battle system: Experience strategic maneuvering of units combined with conventional RPG gameplay, all layered on top of the moment to moment action afforded by real-time controls as players command each squad member and tank in battle. Epic storyline: Players will immerse themselves in the epic struggle for freedom, as the fate of the world lies in the hands of Welkin and the members of the 7th platoon. Customisation: Over 100 customisable characters allow players to create a variety of platoons to suit each battle’s needs. Beautifully rendered battlefields: Players explore 30 different environments, using unique terrain features to gain advantages in battle. Additionally this brand new PC digital version comes bundled with all previously released DLC, including: Hard EX Mode (harder versions of skirmish missions in the main game) Edy’s Mission “Enter the Edy Detachment” (a side story campaign) Selvaria’s Mission “Behind Her Blue Flame” (a side story campaign) Challenge of the Edy Detachment (six challenge missions) ['Action', 'RPG', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Anime Strategy Turn-Based Story Rich JRPG RPG Tactical Singleplayer Great Soundtrack Strategy RPG Tactical RPG War Tanks Third Person Turn-Based Strategy Action World War II Romance Female Protagonist Classic
287980 Mini Metro is a strategy simulation game about designing a subway map for a growing city. Draw lines between stations and start your trains running. As new stations open, redraw your lines to keep them efficient. Decide where to use your limited resources. How long can you keep the city moving? In Mini Metro, you take on the task of designing the subway layout for a rapidly expanding city. Your city starts with three stations. Draw routes between these stations to connect them with subway lines. Commuters travel along your lines to get around the city as fast as they can. Each station can only hold a handful of waiting commuters so your subway network will need to be well-designed to avoid delays. The city is growing. More stations are opening, and commuters are appearing faster. The demands on your network are ever-increasing. You'll be constantly redesigning your lines to maximise efficiency. The new assets you earn every week will help immensely — as long as they're used wisely. Eventually your network will fail. Stations will open too quickly. Commuters will crowd the platforms. How long the city keeps moving is up to you. Key Features Compelling, constructive, hectic, relaxed gameplay. If that makes sense. It doesn't though, aye? You just gotta play it. Three game modes: Normal for quick scored games, Endless for stress-free sandbox play, and Extreme for the ultimate challenge. Build your metro exactly how you want to with the all-new Creative mode. Over two dozen real-world cities! Design subways for London, Paris, New York City, Osaka, Saint Petersburg, São Paulo, Istanbul, Auckland and many more! Each has a unique colour theme, set of obstacles, and pace. Random city growth, so each game plays out differently. A strategy that proved successful last game may not help you in the next. Each game's map is a work of art, built by you in the classic abstract subway style of Harry Beck. If you think it's a keeper, save it, tweet it, show it off, or make it your desktop background! Responsive soundtrack created by your metro system, engineered by Disasterpeace. Colorblind and night modes. Trains! Did we mention them yet? Vast library of player-created maps for you to explore in Steam Workshop! 'Mini Metro’s clean, stylish interface encourages me over and over again to make the trains run on time, and there’s a deeper amount of strategy to growing a sprawling metro system than meets the eye. I wasn’t just hypnotized by the rhythmic movement of trains from station to station, I was completely absorbed in making them perfect.' - IGN ['Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy Puzzle Minimalist Simulation Trains Indie Singleplayer Casual Management 2D Relaxing Transportation Building Touch-Friendly Mouse only Difficult Great Soundtrack Addictive Replay Value Top-Down
712100 From the multi-award-winning strategy series, A Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia combines huge real-time battles with engrossing turn-based campaign, set at a critical flashpoint in history. Anglo-Saxons, Gaelic clans and Viking settlers clash for control. What Kingdom will you build? Total War Academy THRONES OF BRITANNIA – Steel &amp; Statecraft Update Today we’ve released a new update for A Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia. The Steel and Statecraft update builds on some existing mechanics and also address some player feedback from the last update. Among other things, the update implements a new Political Difficulty option. We understand that some players like to challenge themselves with political manoeuvring, while others prefer to stay away from such back-stabbing. You can now tweak this area of the game separately from Campaign Difficulty. The politics system is also undergoing some other changes, particularly in the events that come about as the result of political actions. Here are some more highlights of the changes that have been made. Estates Overhaul The purpose of Estates was to add challenges in managing a kingdom where each noble is playing the game of intrigue, looking to grab more power and land for themselves. However, the system didn’t have as much impact as we’d have liked, which is why Estates have received a rework to better represent a king granting land to his more important lords, thus ensuring their devotion to the crown. With the power of land ownership comes a responsibility for the owner to properly tend to his holdings – each Estate will offer a positive effect if given to the proper lord, or a negative one if the noble is not suited to presiding over such lands. The nobles in turn do not sit idly, hoping for deeds to fall in their lap. The Estate Desire traits, which characters previously gained, have been replaced with requests, directed towards the crown in the form of missions. Every so often a lord in your faction will ask to be granted Estates, offering a reward in return. But if you deem the noble ineligible or sense malicious intent, and you ignore their request, their loyalty will start to waiver. We’ve added more weight to managing your Estates, and to help with that we’ve reorganized the Estates interface. Each lord will list the effects that they provide from Estates they own. Moving Estates around has been made easier – clicking on an Estate will grant it to the selected character on the left. Beware, however, of dealing with Estates that are not in the king’s possession – nobles are quite attached to their lands and will rarely part with them without repercussions. Traits Traits depict the story of each character; their upbringing, their personality and the events that have occurred in their lifetime. Sifting through each character’s history can be cumbersome, which is why we’ve stacked traits into groups. Each trait group is now represented by a banner, with all effects of the traits within listed underneath. Clicking on a banner will list all traits within that group, giving a detailed account of the noble’s qualities. As mentioned previously, each trait group will list how it affects a character’s Estates. The group with the most traits will be marked with a large yellow icon, showing the lord’s dominant characteristics and what effects they grant to the noble’s land ownership. Recruitment Revamp Recruitment in Thrones of Britannia is chance based, similar to the way in which mercenaries worked in previous titles. While it’s an interesting challenge to build armies with imperfect composition and size, it has downsides too, such as elite units appearing scarcely, and losing your painstakingly assembled army can be a devastating blow to your campaign. We’ve replaced this chance-based system with cooldowns. When a unit type is recruited, there’s now a set number of turns before another becomes available. This retains the sense of choice limitation, but rewards planning and removes the random punishment of not having enough units simply because they didn’t appear in the recruitment pool. The time it takes to build a full army can be lengthy, so recruitment events have been added, granting a quick supply of units to help with defending territories, or adding a helpful push to your conquering. Buildings, technologies and faction mechanics have all received new effects to improve the recruitment times of units. We’ve also eased the unlock requirements of military technologies, to make meaningful choices in army management more accessible. Book of Traits (Trait Browser) With the added importance of character traits, we believe there is more purpose to managing your characters, seeking their best development. All traits present in the game are now listed in the Book of Traits along with the condition of their acquisition. The details of a trait will be locked until the player acquires that trait for the first time. (We still want players to experiment and discover traits on their own, but unlocked trait information will now be readily available). The Book of Traits is persistent between campaigns, allowing players to hunt for a specific trait in a later playthrough. Buildings &amp; Settlement Maps Villages are getting a second, alternative building path straight from level 2. This should give players the opportunity to fine-tune their economy through minor settlements. The existing paths are vastly unchanged (safe for some minor balance tweaks) for an easier transition. We’ve also created some new buildings that will feature on all settlement maps (both major ones and villages). • Viking Gatehouse • Viking Long Hall • Viking Turf-roof Hall • Viking Drinking Hall • Viking House 1 • Viking House 2 • Viking House 3 • Viking House 4 • Anglo-Saxon Chieftains House • Anglo-Saxon Great Hall (under construction) New Major Settlement Maps Since siege battles in Thrones of Britannia have been popular, we’re making two brand new settlement maps, one based on Bebbanburg Castle, and the other on The Rock of Cashel. • Map 1 - based on Bebbanburg Castle (used in-game for Bebbanburg and Eidenburg) • Map 2 - based on Rock of Cashel (used in-game for Caisil and Grianán Aileach) Mod Support Last but by no means least, we’ve made a couple of changes to help out Modders. Most notably, the Recruitment window can now accommodate any number of custom units (with a scroll-bar). Also retail pack files now contain exported binaries for all basic UI components, in addition to the already existing composite templates. And That’s Not All… The update features improvements to lots of other areas of the game, including updates to battle AI, performance optimisations, visual improvements, UI enhancements and more. About the Game A Total War™ Saga: Thrones of Britannia The year is 878 AD, the embattled English king Alfred the Great has mounted a heroic defence at the battle of Edington, and blunted the Viking invasion. Chastened – but not yet broken – the Norse warlords have settled across Britain. For the first time in nearly 80 years, the land is in a fragile state of peace. Throughout this sceptred isle, the kings of England, Scotland, Ireland and Wales sense a time of change approaching; a time of opportunity. There will be treaties. There will be war. There will be turns of fortune that become the stuff of legend, in a saga that charts the ascent of one of history’s greatest nations. Kings will rise. One will rule. Thrones of Britannia is a standalone Total War game which will challenge you to re-write a critical moment in history, one that will come to define the future of modern Britain. With ten playable factions, you must build and defend a kingdom to the glory of Anglo-Saxons, Gaelic clans, Welsh tribes or Viking settlers. Forge alliances, manage burgeoning settlements, raise armies and embark on campaigns of conquest across the most detailed Total War map to date. Choose your strategy The Grand Campaign offers multiple routes to a glorious Victory; aggressively expand your territory through force of arms, acquire renown through construction, advanced technology and influence, or complete a series of unique objectives based on your chosen faction’s history. Once completed, steady yourself for a significant late-game challenge and the final, Ultimate victory condition. Explore and conquer the British Isles From the snowy highlands of Scotland to the orchards and meadows of Kent, push back the fog-of-war and unveil the extent of Anglo-Saxon Britain. Varied towns, cities and rural settings inspire a host of different battlefield environments. Experiment with the strategic opportunities afforded by newly capturable minor settlements. Throttle your enemies’ trade routes and coax them out of strong, defensible positions. Viking warlord or Anglo-Saxon king, define their legend Each faction will face a series of unique events and branching dilemmas, often based on authentic historical events and issues of the time. Embark on Viking expeditions, manage the Anglo-Saxon peasant economy, each faction feels and plays differently. Carve out unique roles for your King and Nobles, customise their impact by making meaningful choices about their development and determine how their story will unfold. ‘Classic’ Total War gameplay refined Includes many updates to core Total War mechanics - such as provinces, politics, technologies, recruitment, dilemmas and much more - designed to make your experience more immersive and more meaningful. Playable factions, cultures and kings: Thrones of Britannia will include ten playable factions, from five cultures, with a summary below. The Anglo Saxons – West Seaxe and Mierce When Roman rule in England concluded, new kingdoms of Germanic stock coalesced in the counties now known as Northumbria, Mercia, Wessex, Essex, Sussex, East Anglia and Kent. The peoples of these regions came collectively to be known as the Anglo Saxons. West Seaxe Faction Leader: King Alfred As the dominant Anglo-Saxon kingdom of southern England, the forces of West Seaxe – or Wessex in modern English – provided the isle’s primary resistance against the incursions of the Great Heathen Army. From the capital city of Winchester, Wessex conquered lands in Surrey, Sussex, Kent, Essex and even Mercia. Alfred’s dogged defense of the Danish invasion laid the foundations for Wessex to unite England under one ruler for the first time in 927 AD. Mierce Faction Leader: Ceowulf From its capital city of Tamworth, the kings of Mierce – known now as Merica - ruled the area now known as the Midlands. At its height, Mierce stretched from Northumbria in the north of England to Kent, Sussex and Wessex to the south. In 877 AD, the Great Heathen Army seized the eastern part of the kingdom to form the Danelaw, or East Engle. The Gaels – Mide and Circenn Gaelic culture initially developed in Ireland, their society built around a system of clans and chieftains. They raided and traded with Roman settlements, and by 878 AD had expanded from Ireland to inhabit much of Scotland. With the influx of the Vikings, some raiders settled in Gaelic lands, becoming the Norse-Gaels. The Scottish Gaels would absorb the Picts to become the Kingdom of Alba – essentially setting the blueprint for modern Scotland. Mide Faction Leader: King Flann Sinna Mide lies at the heart of Ireland. Not just geographically, but politically, intellectually and spiritually. Many High Kings have risen from Mide, and its current ruler, Flann Sinna, aspires to that title. With many fellow Irish factions nearby, Mide is in a position to potentially bring the disparate clans together, and usher in an era of Irish prosperity. However, threats are never far away… the Vikings of Dyflin have settled to the east, and their power and influence are growing. Will Mide strive to keep the uneasy peace? Unite the clans in a war against these Norse settlers? Or find some other route to supremacy? Circenn Faction Leader: Áed mac Cináeda Circenn was in origin Pictish, but became more heavily influenced by the Gaels and other peoples over time as they were driven away from the relentless Viking raids. 878 AD marked the end of the Viking invasions, but Circenn’s troubles were far from over. While she had a firm hold over the eastern coast of Scotland, many threats still exist – both within and without. Scoan, the capital of Circenn, was once home to the legendary Stone of Destiny, said to bestow divine strength on her people. Where the stone now resides is a mystery, but if clues can be found, surely the Stone’s recovery would be an adventure worth undertaking… The Welsh – Gwined and Strat Clut The Welsh Kingdoms descended from the Celtic Britons who occupied much of the island of Britain from the Iron Age, into and beyond its Romanisation in the First Century. Ironically, the term ‘Welsh’ derives from the Anglo-Saxon term for foreigner, ‘wealas’, which they applied to the native Britons. The Anglo-Saxons flourished and many of the old Brittonic kingdoms began to disappear. Gwined Faction Leader: King Anaraut The people of Gwined have some claim to the title of 'true Britons', having been driven to the far west by invaders who now call themselves ‘English’. Renowned both for their bardic arts and their skill with the longbow, the Welsh of Gwined thrived under the leadership of Rhodri Mawr. Rhodri kept Gwined largely free of Vikings and other invaders while expanding its borders. Now he is gone and his lands are divided. Strat Clut Faction Leader: Run Strat Clut is a kingdom of the Old North that can be traced back to the Fifth Century and the Celtic Britons. The realm was formerly based at the fortress of Alt Clut but driven out by a Viking invasion in 870. The current King Artgal was taken captive and reportedly killed in mysterious circumstances. The kingdom reformed further into the valley of the River Clyde under the leadership of his only son Run. The Great Viking Army – Northymbre and East Engle In 865 AD, Ragnar’s sons led the Great Viking Army and made landfall in East Anglia. Over the next 15 years the Vikings ranged high and low, from Wessex to The Clyde, conquering towns, claiming victories and suffering their share of defeats until the Battle of Edington in 878 AD, where its leader Guthrum met his match in the young King Alfred and his West Saxon army. Bested in the field, his forces retreated in disarray to a nearby fortress. Flush with success, Alfred’s men gave chase and laid siege. After a fortnight of starvation, the invaders surrendered. Under the terms of his capitulation, Guthrum was baptised into Christianity and he and his men were allowed to return to East Anglia and settle – provided they kept Alfred’s peace, of course. Defeated, but never humbled, the Vikings seethe with an all-consuming rage. One does not cage the wolf without consequence… Northymbre Faction Leader: Guthfrid When the Vikings arrived in Northumbria in 867 AD, they took the city of York – or Eoferwic, as was – for their stronghold. And what a bastion it was, with its formidable Roman walls still standing strong 700 years on. King Aelle of Northumbria attempted to wrest the city back from the Danes, but was captured during the attack. In retribution for Aelle’s execution of their father, the sons of Ragnar made an example of him with the horrifying Blood Eagle ritual. Northumbria remained under Viking control and, after the battle of Edington and the subsequent treaty of Wedmore, a portion of the Great Viking Army marched back to Northumbria, to settle under Alfred’s peace. East Engle Faction Leader: Guthrum Forming the bulk of Britannia’s south-easterly coast, East Engle was the staging-point of the Great Viking Army’s invasion, and the region where many of its warriors settled after the Battle of Edington. Under the rule of the Danish leader Guthrum (or Æthelstan, to use his adoptive name by Alfred) it would ultimately come to be known as the Danelaw. Yet still, some fight remains in the Danes of East Engle. One does not shed the mantle of glory and become a landsman overnight. The Viking Sea Kings – Dyflin and Sudreyar After nearly a century of escalating raids, the Vikings left an indelible stamp on Britannia, altering the course of its history forever. Not least of all culturally, as many smaller bands of Vikings had settled around the isles prior to Alfred’s defeat of the Great Viking army. These smaller factions traded an existence of ceaseless conflict for a new life in Britannia, establishing their own petty principalities, intermarrying and ultimately becoming part of the warp-and-woof of Britannic life. This mingling of cultures, so emblematic of British history, helped create the rich melting-pot of attitudes, beliefs and language that has made the isles and their people so unique. Some Vikings never truly settled however; their designs were grander, their hunger for conquest and greatness unquenched. These Sea Kings would continue their bellicose work, heedless of any decree from England’s upstart ruler… Dyflin Faction Leader: Bardr Dyflin was a major port town on the east coast of Ireland, and the site of Britannia’s largest slave market. It was a major site of Viking occupation, and was ruled until 873 by the Viking lord Imar, often associated with Ivar the Boneless, a son of the legendary Viking warlord Ragnar Lothbrok. Viking raiders had wintered there as early as 840 AD, so their association with the region had been a long one, and over time their customs began to take on a more Gaelic flavour as the slow process of integration took its course. By 878 AD however, Imar’s son Bardr was firmly established on the throne. Would this ambitious Viking ruler seek to seal a lasting peace with the surrounding Gaelic factions? Or return to the ways of Ragnar, and pursue a path of bloodshed and domination? It is hard to ignore the calling of one’s warrior-blood… Sudreyar Faction Leader: Eirik To the west of Alba lies Sudreyar, the Kingdom of the Southern Isles. Comprising the southern Hebrides, these scattered islands were sparsely populated and, bearing the full brunt of the Atlantic weather, were not lands suited to the less-hardy. Like much of Britannia, these islands saw increasing Viking contact from the 8th Century. Prior to this period they formed part of the Gaelic kingdom of Dalriada, until they fell under Viking control. Over the next century, Scandinavian occupancy took on a distinctly Gaelic flavour (and vice-versa), particularly after 872 AD when Harald Fairhair became king of Norway, and his former opponents flocked to the area. Materially poor, but offering an excellent base for those of a nautical bent, the isles of Sudreyar are a perfect staging-post for raiders and explorers. ['Action', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'LAN PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy Historical RTS Turn-Based Strategy Medieval Action War Grand Strategy Singleplayer Multiplayer Tactical Co-op Vikings Military Atmospheric Turn-Based Sandbox City Builder Real Time Tactics Base-Building
1338770 SGW Contracts 2 is a modern warfare shooter set in the Middle East. Play as Raven, Contract Sniper Assassin, as you take out a series of targets across a dramatic single-player campaign. With extreme-range shots exceeding 1000m, gear up for the most challenging entry to the series yet. Deluxe Arsenal Edition Deluxe Arsenal Edition Featuring: ZXR .45 ACP - As well as the only silenced SMG in the game, the ZXR .45 ACP also shoots the biggest rounds, making it one powerful addition to your arsenal. Kings Arms Sawn Off Shotgun - The only shotgun to go into the sidearm slot, usually reserved for pistols - a very tempting trade-off. Giovanni Mk12 Auto - The only silenced shotgun in game. The enemy won’t know what hit it. Prescot SR-9 Pistol - Fitted with the best silencer in-game, this is a must for close-quarter tactical combat. Fire and Ice Weapon Skin Paint Spill Weapon Skin Round Geometrical Painted Weapon Skin Dark Hex Camo Weapon Skin Graffiti Weapon Skin Dark Sky Skin *Weapon skins usable across all in-game gun models About the Game Butcher’s Banquet - Free Major Expansion Sniper Ghost Warrior Contracts 2 now includes ‘Butcher’s Banquet’: a major expansion which introduces an entirely new and expansive region - The Temple - complete with all-new objectives and some of your most deadly contracts, yet. The stunning desert-like area, made up of luscious oases, dramatic waterfalls, and mysterious temples, might look picturesque, but make no mistake - it’s no holiday destination. Following the recent turmoil in Kuamar, a new threat has been allowed to surface. The movement is led by the notorious Mahmoud Zarza... aka ‘The Butcher’. Unpredictable and incredibly dangerous (hence the moniker), we need you to eliminate him and his equally-lethal associates, and in doing so, put a stop to the faction's rapid uprising… as only you know how. --- Sniper Ghost Warrior Contracts 2 marks the most challenging entry to the acclaimed series yet, introducing extreme long-range sniping with targets over 1000m away. Featuring a dramatic single-player campaign set in modern day Middle East, experience high-pressure tactical combat, deep inside enemy territory. Take on the role of Raven, Contract Sniper Assassin, as he embarks on a new series of contracts in a lawless region of the Middle East, located along the Lebanese and Syrian borders. Tasked with a seemingly impossible task, your mission is to topple an insidious criminal syndicate and bring them to justice. Series veterans are in for a challenge, as Sniper Ghost Warrior Contracts 2 demands a new level of skill, focus, and precision, with many targets now over a 1000m away - a first for the series. Developed by the same studio behind the original game, Contracts 2 pushes new boundaries with its hyper-realistic sniping experience; master a wide arsenal of weaponry based on realistic military equipment; explore vast terrains with an enhanced level of detail; and confront the series’ most lifelike enemies to date. Equipped with all-new equipment, each highly replayable contract can be completed in a variety of ways. Replay the mission with a different approach to complete all objectives, ready to spend your earnings on improved gadgets and weaponry. Contracts 2 introduces new levels of fidelity, with optimized visuals, improved FPS, and an enhanced game engine, resulting in the best looking entry to the series yet. Pull off ultra realistic stealth kills, captured in viscerally graphic detail thanks to the cinematic bullet cam. FEATURES: Eliminate a wide array of targets, using a mixture of close-quarter combat, and extreme long-range sniping as a contract assassin Employ tactical decisions and stealth techniques to overcome a variety of challenges across the dramatic single-player campaign Explore 5 distinct, extensive maps set in the Middle East conflict zone Execute 21 new contracts, in addition to completing a range of side operations Master an expert sniping experience, featuring a wide selection of realistic weapons and equipment Revisit each contract with a different approach to complete all objectives and collect maximum rewards Experience a new level of fidelity with upgraded visuals and an enhanced game engine ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] FPS Sniper Stealth Shooter Singleplayer Multiplayer Realistic Gun Customization Tactical Military Action First-Person War Physics Modern Gore Combat Assassin 3D Violent
529180 Dark and Light is a vast sandbox survival RPG set in a world dominated by powerful elemental forces. Find your way in a meticulously crafted world, featuring breathtaking landscapes, a wide variety of mythical creatures, and limitless possibility to craft, build, and unlock dozens of powerful weapons, spells, and skills. The shattered remains of the mother planet Gaia float in stark contrast against the sky on nearby satellite planet, Archos, serving as inescapable evidence of the dark forces surrounding the world. As a lone explorer in the wilderness, you must learn to understand the terrain, natural resources, as well as how to domesticate the local creatures and build a home. You will need to harness and control the magical energy that courses through the planet, or you risk being consumed by the looming darkness that permeates throughout the planet. Every aspect of Dark and Light has been re-imagined, re-worked, and upgraded from the 2004 original. Gaia’s very existence is dictated by primal elemental forces, including wind, earth, water, fire, light, and darkness. These elements course through the world, sometimes clashing and causing earth-shattering changes. Gaia houses a number of various biomes, including lush forests, soaring peaks of ice-capped mountains, a towering volcano clouded with sulfur and ash, as well as breezy floating islands, ominous dark forests, wide swamps, and deep caverns. Extreme weather conditions will put you to the test; you'll need to procure food and water, as well as the proper tools required to roam this expansive land and brave the unforgiving elements. Ages ago, Gaia was attacked by dark forces and collapsed, plunging the world into darkness. Many sought exodus to Archos, one of Gaia’s satellite planets - unwittingly (or for some, perhaps intentionally) bringing the dark forces along with them. As a result, Archos’s atmosphere has been adversely affected, causing some strange occurrences on the planet during the night. During the day, Archos’s landscape is peaceful, but once the sun sets, the planet immediately plunges into chaos. Occasionally, the remnants of Gaia will block out the sun, causing an eclipse on Archos, resulting in a violent, bloodthirsty frenzy among the planet's native creatures. Eclipses also provide an opportunity to obtain incredibly rare magical resources, so players must learn to survive during eclipses if they want to thrive. Magic permeates throughout everything Dark and Light, and the line between physical and magical becomes increasingly blurred as the game progresses. There are dozens of magical skills related to survival, exploration, defense, transformation, control, attack, and more. Players can harness the power of the elements to construct buildings, erect a network of portals to transport you all across the continent, and even control the weather. Possibilities aren't just limited to creation and control, however. Players can master important battlefield skills with a magic staff and over 14 different melee and ranged weapons, including bows, swords, daggers, and more. Players can also use magic to forge weapons and create their own legendary equipment. Dark and Light features dozens of magical beasts, including dragons, griffins, unicorns, centaurs, goblins, and many, many more. There are also plenty of unique creatures that players have never seen before, and all are native to this planet. All the creatures in the game survived the havoc spread by the destruction of Gaia, and thus are all imbued with incredible magical powers. Players can hunt them for food and clothing, extract their magical essence, or they can choose to tame them and raise them as faithful companions. Players and NPCs can all progress through their own growth systems, and players can choose which skills they want their characters to master. These include both physical skills such as speed, endurance, and strength, but can also apply to a character's crafting abilities. Whether a character chooses to be an architect, a mage, or a warrior is all up to them, the combinations of skills and stat builds in Dark and Light are virtually limitless. It is possible to become a master of all skills, but doing so will require tremendous time and effort. In order to develop a strong foundation, players are encouraged to specialize and cooperate with one another throughout their time on Archos. Archos’s punishing environmental conditions have bested many adventurers who tried to go it alone - players will need to band together to survive. Dark and Light is designed to encourage cooperation at every level; survival, exploration, and combat are all incredibly demanding, and few will be able to fully master their surroundings. This is particularly true in regards to group combat, where supporting and managing a diverse battalion of warriors, mages, trainers, and more will grant you a major advantage in large-scale battles. Players can choose to start in one of three main cities, each one belonging to one of the three ruling factions on Archos. This community structure is critical in the early stages of the game, when players are relatively weak and need support from others. Your role in the faction becomes increasingly important as you progress through Dark and Light - if you establish your specialty early, it’ll go a long way in helping you contribute to the success of your faction. Dark and Light's sandbox world affords players the freedom to create and build just about anywhere in the world. Whether you want a secret underground base or a fortress atop a massive floating island, if you can reach it, you can build there. As the forces of darkness simmer on the horizon, defending your homestead will become increasingly important. A combination of physical and magic fortifications, including NPCs and tamed creatures, will be necessary for players to defend their land from being engulfed by darkness. Archos is still threatened by the total collapse of Gaia and a massive invasion by the forces of darkness. Even though the portals that link Archos to Gaia have closed, darkness emanates from the mother planet, affecting all the living creatures on Archos. Whether to embrace the darkness or fight it is a choice that remains solely with you, and it is your choice that will represent the future of the world. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Simulation', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'LAN PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Steam Workshop', 'Family Sharing'] Open World Survival Massively Multiplayer RPG Sandbox Fantasy Adventure Magic Early Access MMORPG Open World Survival Craft Action Multiplayer Dragons Simulation Crafting Base-Building Medieval PvP Singleplayer
363490 Escape Machines is an addictive Science Fiction single/multi-player/co-op adventure shooter in the near future! Artificial intellect and robots fight against their creators. You must take control of the robots and save people. Escape Machines is an addictive Science Fiction single/multi-player/co-op adventure shooter in the near future! Artificial intellect and robots fight against their creators. You must take control of the robots and save people. The game is currently in early beta, some features may be unfinished. Features: Play with friends in co-op and VS multi-player.*Currently unavailable* Build robots and command them to win in battle. Upgrade your weapons and armour. Battle huge robot bosses. Use vehicles to travel, add turrets to your vehicles. Customize your armour, weapons and stats. Buy/upgrade equipment in the 'Armourer shop' Level editor - create levels, share and play them with friends. Original soundtrack/SFX ~ bit-music mixed with progressive trance and electro-funk. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Strategy', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Includes level editor', 'Family Sharing'] Early Access Action Indie Strategy Adventure RPG Robots Sci-fi
2114740 The Penitent One awakens as Blasphemous 2 joins him once again in an endless struggle against The Miracle. Dive into a perilous new world filled with mysteries and secrets to discover, and tear your way through monstrous foes that stand between you and your quest to end the cycle once and for all. Mea Culpa Reborn New Expansion out now!/h2] DIGITAL DELUXE EDITION INCLUDES Blasphemous 2 - Full Game Blasphemous 2 - Digital Artbook Blasphemous 2 - Original Soundtrack About the Game The second scripture in the Blasphemous series portends the return of The Penitent One, with a story that continues from the free Wounds of Eventide DLC for the original game, where The Heart in the sky heralded the return of The Miracle and foretold the birth of a new miracle child. Awakened in a strange new land, and displaced from his final resting place, The Penitent One is thrust back into the endless cycle of life, death, and resurrection, with no other option than to explore this perilous new world and uncover its long-forgotten secrets. Hordes of grotesque enemies stand in your way, awaiting final judgement by the brutal hand of the Penitent One, with titanic twisted bosses also lurking in the darkness, waiting for their chance to return you to the grave from whence you came. Taking them down won’t be easy, but with Blasphemous 2 offering more chances to customise and improve your skill set, along with several new unique weapons to wield with righteous zeal and unending fury, victory might just be within grasp. Ultimately, only one thing is certain… Penance Never Ends Explore a fuller Non-Linear world Having awoken in a strange new land, your journey starts anew in a series of enchantingly grotesque landscapes, oozing Gothic charm and littered with unforgiving traps. How you tackle the labyrinthian world remains at your discretion, there is no wrong turn to be made, only scores to settle Savage Combat The Penitent One shows no mercy, and with a series of new weapons offering new moves, brutal executions, and expanded combos, destruction will rain on any that stand in his way Customize your playthrough your way Blasphemous 2 offers up new ways to play, with the ability to customise and improve your base skillset, alongside several new unique weapons to unleash devastating attacks on enemies Grand Intense Boss Battles Hordes of monstrous foes stand between you and your goal; twisted bosses with unique attack patters and sundering abilities will put your skills to the test as you fight to stand triumphant when the dust settles Explore a deep new world A whole new world awaits, bustling with mysterious new NPCs to interact with, some will offer aid, some will ask for it, and others will send you on death defying missions to obtain long forgotten items. With so much to see and do, the stories and myths you encounter will help you unpick the games myriad of secrets, granting you a deeper understanding of this strange new world ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Combat Fantasy Metroidvania Souls-like Adventure 2D Platformer Pixel Graphics Difficult Side Scroller Hack and Slash Unforgiving 2D Platformer Action RPG Horror Action-Adventure Lore-Rich Story Rich Nonlinear Multiple Endings
700600 A satirical spy-fi lair builder where YOU are the criminal mastermind! Construct your base, train your minions, defend your operations from the Forces of Justice, and achieve global domination! Season Pass Prepare for a Season of Infamy with the Evil Genius 2 Season Pass! Get a whole new Genius, Campaign, Henchmen, Island Lair Location and more! Included in the Season Pass: • 1 Campaign Pack • 1 Lair Items Pack • 2 Henchmen Packs • 2 Minion Packs Season Pass is included as part of the Deluxe Edition About the Game The World Is JUST Enough! Evil Genius 2 is a satirical spy-fi lair builder, where players take control of an Evil Genius and set their plans for world domination in motion. When it feels this good to be bad, the Forces of Justice don’t stand a chance! Build your own unique evil lair and cover operation, Train a force of criminal minions, Defend your Lair from the Forces of Justice, and Dominate the world with a Doomsday Device in this direct sequel to the 2004 cult classic! Cruel Constructions! Every villain needs an island lair, so pick your paradise and put your own sinister stamp on it! Shape the internal structure of your hazardous hideaway to fit your play-style, and construct wonderfully wicked devices for your minions to put to use. Atrocious Anti-Heroes! Competence isn’t going to cut it when you’re running an evil operation. As you expand and train your minion workforce, you can create new specialists to help further your evil plans! Need something a little more…intimidating? Recruit powerful Henchmen that complement your play style; every mastermind needs a right hand…or several, in fact! Dastardly Devices! The Forces of Justice are annoyingly punctual, so supplement your brute force by researching and developing a series of trap networks! Send those do-gooders spinning with a Pinball Bumper, or put the chomp on them with the Venus Spy-Trap. While one trap is good, more is…evil-er. Combo your traps to banish intruders for good! Nefarious Plots! Carry out evil schemes to further your plot to build a Doomsday Device and dominate the world! Sell the British Royal Family, Kidnap the Governor of Maine, and literally BAKE ALASKA. With hundreds of potential objectives, variety is the spice of strife. Gifs are taken from pre-release footage ['Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy Base-Building Villain Protagonist Simulation Building Management Sandbox Singleplayer Resource Management Violent Funny Memes RTS Sequel Cartoony Great Soundtrack Comedy Crime Female Protagonist Dark Humor
990630 The Last Campfire is an adventure, a story of a lost ember trapped in a puzzling place, searching for meaning and a way home. DISCOVER A PURPOSE The Last Campfire is an adventure, a story of a lost ember trapped in a puzzling place, searching for meaning and a way home. ON A JOURNEY Travel deeper into the lands beyond the dark forest and overcome the adversities before you. UNCOVER A WORLD Discover beautiful wilderness filled with lost folk, strange creatures and mysterious ruins. LIGHT THE LAST CAMPFIRE Find hope and carry it with you on your Journey to light The Last Campfire. FROM A SMALL STUDIO A unique tale from Hello Games and the creative minds behind LostWinds. ['Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Puzzle Adventure Singleplayer Cute Indie Emotional Atmospheric Relaxing Story Rich Fantasy Family Friendly Narration 3D Platformer Soundtrack Puzzle-Platformer Philosophical Dark Fantasy 3D Controller Dark
65540 War has been waged across the kingdom of Myrtana. Orcish hordes invaded human territory and the king of the land needed a lot of ore to forge enough weapons, should his army stand against this threat. Whoever breaks the law in these darkest of times is sentenced to serve in the giant penal colony of Khorinis, mining the so much needed... War has been waged across the kingdom of Myrtana. Orcish hordes invaded human territory and the king of the land needed a lot of ore to forge enough weapons, should his army stand against this threat. Whoever breaks the law in these darkest of times is sentenced to serve in the giant penal colony of Khorinis, mining the so much needed ore. The whole area, dubbed 'the Colony', is surrounded by a magical barrier, a sphere two kilometers diameter, sealing off the penal colony from the outside world. The barrier can be passed from the outside in – but once inside, nobody can escape. The barrier was a double-edged sword - soon the prisoners took the opportunity and started a revolt. The Colony became divided into three rivaling factions and the king was forced to negotiate for his ore, not just demand it. You are thrown through the barrier into this prison. With your back against the wall, you have to survive and form volatile alliances until you can finally escape. Features include: One of the biggest RPGs with over 50 hours of gameplay A large variety of weapons and spells for your character A living world where people go to work, sleep, eat and fight to survive ['Action', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Family Sharing'] RPG Open World Classic Atmospheric Singleplayer Fantasy Gothic Third Person Action Medieval Dark Fantasy Adventure Story Rich Magic Great Soundtrack Action RPG Retro Difficult Choices Matter Nostalgia
506610 Welcome to Circus Baby's Pizza World, where family fun and interactivity go beyond anything you've seen at those *other* pizza places! Now hiring: Late night technician. Must enjoy cramped spaces and be comfortable around active machinery. Not responsible for death or dismemberment. Welcome to Circus Baby's Pizza World, where family fun and interactivity go beyond anything you've seen at those *other* pizza places! With cutting-edge animatronic entertainers that will knock your kids' socks off, as well as customized pizza catering, no party is complete without Circus Baby and the gang! Now hiring: Late night technician. Must enjoy cramped spaces and be comfortable around active machinery. Not responsible for death or dismemberment. ['Action', 'Indie', 'Simulation'] ['Single-player', 'Family Sharing'] Horror Survival Horror Singleplayer Robots First-Person Dark Difficult Survival Strategy Indie Story Rich Mystery Psychological Horror Atmospheric Simulation Lore-Rich Memes Funny Adventure Gore
1016800 Chernobylite is a science-fiction survival horror RPG. Set in the hyper-realistic, 3D-scanned wasteland of Chernobyl’s Exclusion Zone, explore a non-linear storyline in your search to uncover the truth of your tortured past. Chernobylite 2: Exclusion Zone Special Edition About the Game Chernobylite is a Science Fiction Survival Horror RPG from developers The Farm 51 . Set in the hyper-realistic, 3D scanned wasteland of Chernobyl’s exclusion zone, you’ll take on the role of Igor, a physicist and ex-employee of the Chernobyl Power Plant, returning to Pripyat to investigate the mysterious disappearance of his fiancée, 30 years prior. Compete with the hostile military presence, other stalkers and supernatural creatures, as well as the harsh and unforgiving environment in your search to uncover the truth. Get ready for a thrilling adventure of survival, conspiracy, horror, love, and obsession. Can you survive your fears? BASE BUILDING &amp; CRAFTING Construct a base from which to plan your daily operations and excursions. Utilise workstations to craft gadgets, create traps and weapons or modify existing equipment to your needs. RESOURCE &amp; TEAM MANAGEMENT Companions are key to your survival and the resolution of your journey. Each day requires the careful planning and assignment of resources and tasks to your comrades. STEALTH, SURVIVAL &amp; COMBAT Survival in the Zone is not easy, and each day brings fresh challenges as comrades die and supplies diminish. Avoid detection with stealth takedowns or engage in open armed. Danger lurks in every corner. NON-LINEAR STORYTELLING &amp; STRATEGY No playthrough is the same. Like your choices, the story is in your hands. Choose wisely whether to trust your comrades or not, use resources for survival or research, and confront conflicts or evade them. The future is up to you. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Simulation'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Post-apocalyptic Survival Horror RPG Atmospheric Singleplayer Adventure First-Person Exploration Survival Horror Base-Building Sci-fi Simulation Stealth Crafting Action-Adventure Realistic Supernatural Nonlinear Indie
209650 Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare envisions a powerful future, where both technology and tactics have evolved to usher in a new era of combat for the franchise.Power Changes Everything. Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare , developed by Sledgehammer Games (co-developers of Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 3), harnesses the first three-year, all next-gen development cycle in franchise history. Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare envisions a powerful future, where both technology and tactics have evolved to usher in a new era of combat for the franchise. Delivering a stunning performance, Academy Award® winning actor Kevin Spacey stars as Jonathan Irons - one of the most powerful men in the world - shaping this chilling vision of the future of war. Power Changes Everything. An Advanced World Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare takes place in a plausible future in which technological progress and today’s military practices have converged with powerful consequences. In this carefully researched and crafted vision, Private Military Corporations (PMCs) have become the dominant armed forces for countless nations outsourcing their military needs, redrawing borders and rewriting the rules of war. And Jonathan Irons, the founder and president of the world’s largest PMC - Atlas Corporation - is at the center of it all. An Advanced Soldier Powerful exoskeletons evolve every aspect of a soldier’s battle readiness, enabling combatants to deploy with an advanced lethality and eliminating the need for specialization. The introduction of this gameplay mechanic delivers enhanced player movement and verticality through boost jumps and grappling, covert cloaking abilities, and biomechanics that provide unparalleled strength, awareness, endurance, and speed. With the advent of the exoskeleton and newly advanced armor and weaponry, every soldier commands tactical freedom in any terrain unlike ever before, fundamentally changing the way gamers play Call of Duty across all modes. An Advanced Arsenal Harnessing the power of next-gen platforms, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare introduces a new hi-tech, advanced arsenal and ability set, arming players with all-new equipment, technology, perks, and vehicles like hoverbikes and highly specialized drones. Players can also choose between standard ammunition and an all-new class of directed-energy weaponry that enables totally new gameplay dynamics. And with exoskeletons delivering a massive force multiplier and unprecedented tactical freedom, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare evolves every firefight. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Dog FPS Action Multiplayer Shooter Futuristic First-Person Sci-fi Singleplayer Linear America War Quick-Time Events Military Illuminati Online Co-Op Co-op PvP Fast-Paced Mechs
382310 Build a civilization of real people, working together to advance society and stop a meteor, all without destroying the ecosystem in the process. Enter the world of Eco, a fully simulated ecosystem bustling with thousands of growing plants and animals living their lives. Build, harvest, and take resources from an environment where your every action affects the world around you. An imminent meteor strike threatens global destruction. Can you save the world without destroying it in the process? Construct buildings and towns, tend to your farm, hunt wildlife, build infrastructure and transportation, craft clothing, build power plants, and research new technologies. Specialize in a craft and trade your goods to other players. Develop your civilization and sculpt your planet. As your civilization grows, you’ll need to analyze data from the simulation; evaluating the impact you have on your world. Use this data as evidence in proposed laws, restricting harmful activities without disrupting the advancement of technology. Balance your individual needs with the needs of community, all while maintaining the state of the ecosystem. The future of your world is in your hands. Every organism in Eco exists as part of a detailed simulation; a disruption in one species can have cascading effects across the planet. Chop down all the trees, and habitats for creatures will be destroyed. Pollute the rivers with mining waste, and your farms will become poisoned and die. The ecosystem supplies the resources you and your community will need to stop the meteor. Manage your pollution, mining waste, hunting, and resource collection to balance your effect on this system. Eco is built on a rich ecological simulation. All the data generated from the interaction of plants, animals, climate, and players can be searched and analyzed using in-game graphs and heat-maps. Use the collected information as scientific evidence support to proposed laws. The ability to successfully debate using scientific evidence is your greatest weapon against the destruction of your world. Establish and maintain your own set of laws and government, which are enforced automatically by the game. Draft a proposal to limit clear-cutting in a protected forest, incentivize green energy solutions over fossil fuels by providing tax subsidies and penalties. Participate in elections for world leadership, allowing you to set tax rates and allocate community money. Use a programmable law system to make dynamic and flexible rules for the community, passing them by vote. Construct a wide variety of governments; from tightly-regulated dictator-states, to tax-and-spend subsidy programs, or even lawless communities relying on trust. Your skills increase based on your food and shelter. By consuming a highly nutritious variety of food and building an elaborate home you will rapidly increase your skill points. Skill points can be spent on skills like farming, hunting, trade, engineering, research, and more. Contribute to the greater good while increasing your own personal success. In the player-run economy, you achieve the most when you specialize and trade both goods and services. Create stores to buy and sell goods you need asynchronously with other players. Setup contracts within the game’s quest-like labor market, soliciting other players to perform specialized work for you in exchange for payment. Build complex crafting machines and charge a fee for players to use them. A thriving economy in Eco can be both a powerful tool for progress, or a dangerous threat to the environment. To grease the wheels of commerce, you can create your own currencies, backed by fiat or by resources. Manage the value of your currency relative to others by setting exchange rates at asynchronous currency exchanges. Sell items at stores and collect credit from other players. Eco is designed for rich asynchronous play, allowing many players of many disciplines to contribute to one another’s goals at separate or simultaneous times. All of the world’s resources originate from its environment, which is affected by your actions. While a meteor looms over head — set to strike the planet in thirty days — a more subtle threat grows from player-interaction with the environment. Without careful attention, ecological destruction can destroy civilization before the meteor even strikes. To ultimately succeed, you and your community will need to use the tools of government and economy to find a balance between progress and protection. Included Features Online Multiplayer - Collaborate online with a community of players. Local Singleplayer - Build your own world, with the option to invite friends. Dedicated Server Included - Host your own Eco worlds. Over 30 different craft tables, with hundreds of recipes. Hundreds of items, skills, craft tables, and building blocks. A simulated ecosystem with dozens of unique species. With limited carrying capacity, players must create vehicles and networks of roads to transport materials. Create your own backed or fiat currencies, using them as a means of exchange in the economy. Build stores where you can sell your excess items for a profit. Eat varied and nutritious food and build ever larger homes to increase your skills. Create contracts for jobs that you would like players with different skill-specialties to accomplish for you. Take on contracts from other players that need the skills you possess. Design laws using programmable template system to protect your world or increase your profits, enforced by the game if ratified by the population. Run for election and make decisions that affect the globe. View and compile rich data from the simulation and use it to argue for group decisions. Claim land as your own property, and share access rights. Give and remove reputation from other players. Find a balance between progress and protection, between individual needs and those of the group, succeeding or failing together. Eco is our forever project. We plan to keep growing, expanding, and improving it with the support of the community. Follow our plans and progress through the Eco Tree, which displays in-depth details on current and future features. The Eco Tree can be found on Eco's official website. ['Indie', 'Simulation', 'Early Access'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'In-App Purchases'] Early Access Simulation Building Sandbox Economy Open World Survival Craft Immersive Sim Nature Multiplayer Open World Base-Building Crafting Trading Transportation Science Resource Management Education Political Sim Survival Singleplayer
453820 Hero Quest is a Tower-battle in the most literal sense! Defeat waves of enemies as they attempt to overthrow your keep! Wisely deploy your units into the battlefield and use spells to destroy the enemy tower! Hero Quest is a Tower-battle in the most literal sense! Defeat waves of enemies as they attempt to overthrow your keep! An extension on the freeware flash game- this is your chance to own your very own copy of this highly addictive game for your Steam library! Main Features: Use spells ranging from freeze, fire and thunder to gain the edge in battle! Gain the upper-hand and destroy your enemy's castle! Upgrade your units and spells to become the mightiest general! ['Action', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Family Sharing'] Casual Indie Strategy Action
1162520 'Richman10' is a classic chess game in which players earn money by luck (dicing) and strategy (buying land and buying cards) to defeat other players. Fine arts adopt pure 3D Q version of the original painting style. Game modes include: story mode, biography mode, multi-person hot seat mode, network mode. GamePlay The game uses turn system, initially all players have certain deposits, cash, cards. The number of steps to move is determined by casting dice. The landless property can be purchased when trampling on the enemy's property, and the toll will be paid when trampling on the enemy's property. In addition to the real estate grid, there are also bank, news, shop, magic house and other event lattices in the map, which make the game full of variables and entertainment. Reasonable use of the cards in hand can actively intervene in randomness, enhance strategy, maximize their own interests, and lay a good foundation for the final victory. new pattern In addition to traditional Richman play, 'Richman10' adds the latest hot-fighting play. The map cancelled the small real estate grid, most of the map grid is to obtain the card grid, players through a large number of picking up and using cards, causing money damage to the enemy, bankruptcy, and ultimately win. organize a team New team formation mode, can be arbitrary team formation, teammates can cover each other's property, can also develop strategies to set fire to one of the enemies, so that the rhythm of the game becomes faster. Mechanism innovation The cards of Richman of all ages need to be collected in maps and bought in stores. In order to win, players need to balance money and points. 'Richman10' cards are purchased directly with money and the counting system is cancelled. Compared with past dynasties, it has a faster rhythm and does not need to go through the previous depressing stage. The game is more exciting at the beginning. Checkpoint In the story and biography mode, the barriers are moderately difficult, suitable for both young and old, and the plot is full of interesting, focusing on the positive energy stories of friendship and justice. ['Casual', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] Casual Multiplayer Tabletop Strategy Local Multiplayer Board Game Anime Cute Co-op Turn-Based
247020 One of the few hardcore restaurant sims in existence, Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a deceptively easy game to learn but incredibly challenging to master as you progress through your career from owning a terrible zero star cafe into a five star world famous restaurant. NEW UPDATE! Cook, Serve, Delicious: Battle Kitchen Edition is a brand new free expansion that provides all new local multiplayer modes and weekly challenges! From 25 indie guest cameos to tons of new features and improvements, CSD: Battle Kitchen will challenge even the most hardened cook. Some of the new features include: Tag Team Local Multiplayer - Grab some controllers and play up to four players locally as you take turns manning the chef station in Battle Kitchen. You only have fifteen seconds to cook, and five seconds to explain to the next cook what to do first! Good luck! Strike Challenges - Take on twelve brand new challenges on your own or up to four players tag team with adjustable difficulty settings. Warning: these challenges can be extremely difficult! Endurance Mode - For one player or up to four Tag Team players, Endurance Mode has you making as many foods as possible perfectly, all while having to answer Chef Risotto's calls and switching out menu items and upgrading them while you're cooking. How long can you last? Also includes the new eSports Endurance Challenge, an event that ups the difficulty to an extreme degree! Co-op Campaign - Play the campaign mode with a friend using your current save! One person is the expediter, who must give orders to the chef and send them out when they're fully cooked, and the other is the chef, unable to choose orders but must cook or do anything the expediter gives them. Tag each other to switch positions on the fly, and make your way from a zero star cafe to a five star restaurant! (co-op can be enabled or disabled at any time in the main menu of the campaign mode). Game Improvements - A huge array of game improvements and additions have been added to the game! For more, visit the official announcement page here: --- Cook, Serve, Delicious is a hardcore restaurant sim, one of the few in its genre that gives the players total control over where they want to take their restaurant. The game centers on an old, worn down restaurant in the SherriSoda Tower, which was once the heart of the building but closed down as business (and tenants) dropped to an all time low. But with the local economy rising back up and occupancy reaching its maximum, SherriSoda Tower has decided to bring back the old Cook, Serve, Delicious restaurant, and has given you complete control to bring it back to its old five star status of world class dining. To do that, you’ll start with a few thousand dollars and thirty foods to choose from to put on your menu, as well as a host of restaurant equipment and more. Nearly everything is unlocked from the start of the game for you to purchase; this is your restaurant, and you must figure out the best strategy to get that restaurant packed with satisfied customers. Can you prove your culinary skills? And if that weren’t enough, you’ll also have the opportunity to be cast in the Iron Cook television show, throw parties for offices in SherriSoda Tower, read virtual mail in your SherriSoda Tower Email account which ranges from game tips to crazy spam (nearly 500 emails in all), from customers providing feedback to your restaurant to opportunities such as being able to fund projects via “ClicknStart” and other big surprises! With hours of content and tons of secrets and unlockables, Cook, Serve, Delicious will provide a big challenge for anyone who’s ready to take their crumbling, rat infested eatery to a luxurious Platinum Star Restaurant. Good luck! New Steam Features include key binding support for all foods and events, a new gameplay option called CookBets where you will receive randomized challenges each day, fifty new spam emails and options as well as improvements to UI across the board, and full Steam Achievements, Steam Cloud, Steam Leaderboards with special Steam Challenges and Trading Cards support. Includes the upgrade pack, 'Extra Crispy Edition,' that brings ten new foods to the game including Lobster, Bananas Foster, Enchiladas, Sushi and more! Steam Controller, DualShock 4, Xbox 360, Wii U Pro Controller, DualShock 3 and Xbox One gamepad button mapping fully supported for compatible controllers. Rumble is also supported (for Windows only). (Note: first and third party drivers still required for full compatibility. For a full detailed list, be sure to check out the Steam thread: ) Music by award winning composer Jonathan Geer Art by Sara Gross - Two Bit Art (Battle Kitchen art by Camille Kuo) ['Action', 'Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Indie Time Management Typing Difficult Management Cooking Arcade Strategy 2D Funny Controller Simulation Family Friendly Comedy Co-op Local Co-Op Local Multiplayer Multiplayer Singleplayer 4 Player Local
1364100 A murder. A hack. A bombing. All it takes to plunge the solar system into war – unless you do something about it. Help CDI agent Neil Conrad make a string of increasingly difficult decisions in this modern dialog-driven adventure set in a gorgeous 2D sci-fi noir universe. The Save the World Edition includes Lacuna and the game’s atmospheric soundtrack that lets you dive deep into the sci-fi noir world of Lacuna . In addition, Assemble Entertainment donates 10% of the revenues of this edition to Go Give One ; a WHO initiative that provides COVID-19 vaccines amongst others for everyone, everywhere – prioritizing those who need them the most in countries that cannot afford them. On top of this, it’s the best option for all those who would like to support the work of the developer of Lacuna even more and do something good at the same time. Another cigarette tumbles into the abyss. The sun is slowly coming up, glistening in the sea of buildings below. I look up at the stars one last time before they disappear. They don't provide any guidance. They don't give a f*ck. I have to make this decision on my own, and very soon. Problem is, I don't know how. I've never been able to figure out why I do what I do. Not really. No more time to think. I have to go. Here's the deal You are Neil Conrad, CDI agent. Awoken by the news of a murder, you rush into a case that will soon turn your life and the whole solar system upside down. Ask questions, collect evidence, and put the pieces together until the ugly truth reveals itself... or not. No takebacks The story branches and ends based on your actions. There's no going back. Sure, you can rush your way to the end – if you don't mind paying the price. Play your cards right, and you might make it out alive. How far will you go? Some questions don't have a right answer. Will you sell out a friend to protect your family? Will you endanger a loved one in exchange for public safety? Will you keep the peace or reveal the horrible, world-shattering truth? Hungry for Point &amp; Click Adventure? While the classics were great in their time, Lacuna does away with the baggage of many adventure game tropes: Pointing &amp; clicking Platformer movement controls (WASD / controller) Selecting all dialog options one by one anyway Non-repeating conversations and choices Inventory management and counter-intuitive puzzles Immersive, story-driven mysteries Pixel hunting Optional outlines on anything interactable Story grinds to a halt at every puzzle can always be driven forward 'x will remember this' Real choices and multiple endings ['Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Captions available', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Pixel Graphics Detective Noir Interactive Fiction Multiple Endings Cyberpunk Crime Conversation Sci-fi Choices Matter Narration Adventure Text-Based 2D Thriller Linear Drama Futuristic Investigation Story Rich
1182620 A bonkers time-loop tragicomedy murder mystery thriller featuring multiple casualties and a suspicious cat, from the creator of To the Moon &amp; Finding Paradise. Wishlist the series' Beach Episode! (seriously, it's a thing.) Where it all began: About the Game ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Impostor Factory is a narrative-driven adventure game that is categorically out of its mind. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Dr. Watts and Dr. Rosalene have peculiar jobs: They give people another chance to live their lives, all the way from the very beginning. But this isn't their story. Probably. Instead, it's about Quincy . Let me tell you a story about him. One day, Quincy was invited to a fancy parteh at a suspiciously secluded mansion. So, he accepted and went; because even though the mansion was suspicious and secluded, it was also fancy and had a parteh. In fact, it turned out to be so fancy that there was a time machine in its bathroom. Quincy could wash his hands and time-travel while he was at it. Talk about a time-saver! But of course, then people start dying, because that's what they do. And somewhere along the way, things get a little Lovecraftian and tentacles are involved. Anyway, that's around 1/3 of what the game is really about. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Key Features A story that will make you curse at the screen A cozy mix between adventure game elements and classic RPG aesthetics Dialogues that read so wrong but feel so right An espresso execution with zero filler and no time drains long cat ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- F.A.Q.: Q: Is playing To the Moon and Finding Paradise mandatory before playing this game? A: Impostor Factory can be played independently, just like the games before it. But the order of playing would affect the experience. Q: Is Impostor Factory the sequel to To the Moon and Finding Paradise? A: Maybe not. Maybe it's a sequel. Maybe it's a prequel. Maybe it's both. ['Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Story Rich Emotional Pixel Graphics Adventure RPG 2D Singleplayer Top-Down Atmospheric Psychological Horror Comedy Mystery Narrative Interactive Fiction Lovecraftian Linear Cute Funny Retro JRPG
287370 This individual army for COH2 allows you to access all existing COH2 maps in auto-match, and play against all other existing factions in multiplayer. It can also be obtained at a discount by acquiring The Western Front Armies multiplayer standalone, where it is bundled with the OKW army. By buying the USF army individually, players who do not yet own any COH2 product can access all existing Company of Heroes 2 maps in auto-match, and play against all other existing factions in multiplayer or through skirmishes against the AI. Under the Command of General Dwight D. Eisenhower, US Forces have driven ashore on the bloody beaches of Normandy and fought their way deep into Europe driving back the German war machine. Now battle fatigued and spread out on enemy soil, an army made of citizen soldiers are pitted against a battle-hardened professional military with over four years’ experience. Facing the best Germany has to offer, the US Forces fight desperately and viciously to expand the frontlines. An adaptable army that will bend but not break, the US Forces draws on some extremely versatile infantry and vehicles, while the unique base structure of the army captures the temporary nature of the frontlines. Fast light and medium armored vehicles, like the iconic M4A3 Sherman, provide mobile firepower to support versatile Riflemen, while elite Paratroopers and airpower disrupt enemy plans well behind the front lines. KEY FEATURES US FORCES Wield the mighty power of Eisenhower’s Allied army with brand new abilities and strategies THE WESTERN FRONT Expand the war to the popular Western Front theater of combat, featuring breathtaking new environments, that bring realism and vibrancy never before seen in the game NEW MAPS Eight stunning new maps join the extensive collection of 23 existing Company of Heroes 2 maps as well as over 1,000 community created maps available on the Steam workshop INTENSE ONLINE COMBAT Feel the unprecedented ferocity of frontline strategic warfare and engage in visceral battle with adversaries across the globe EVERY BATTLE TELLS A STORY Experience the up-close moment-to-moment brutality of frontline warfare and control the battle through your military prowess USF vs OTHER COH2 MULTIPLAYER ARMIES Find out the multiplayer army (and associated game/standalone) that suits your play style. ['Strategy'] ['Multi-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Stats', 'Includes level editor', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy World War II RTS Multiplayer Singleplayer Action War
792220 One-on-one physical online duels. Just Updated A 13th empty boulder has appeared in the arena. This white container is not like the rest: it contains no life, and a hit with it ends the character’s lifecycle. SEASON I Map: Highlands Character: Bob About the Game With 12 lives for two, players must fight to gain points from each kill. The containers of life are boulders freely moved by characters in the arena and used for throwing. In hand-to-hand combat the characters interact using their muscles and initiate targeted hits. When all containers are exhausted the game enters the final stage, where the victorious player takes the points earned. MECHANICS Procedural placement of arena Interaction with environments Procedural hand-to-hand attacks COMBAT MODES DUEL - random opponent (season points) SPARRING - invite an opponent for training from your friends list ['Action', 'Free To Play', 'Indie', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Sports'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Stats', 'Steam Leaderboards'] Psychological Horror Sexual Content Hentai Nudity Multiplayer Free to Play Funny Realistic Fighting PvP Physics Action Sports Third Person Replay Value Massively Multiplayer Simulation Indie RPG Procedural Generation
415200 Have you got what it takes to become the manager of a high-performance motorsport team? Motorsport Manager is a highly detailed, best-in-class management game for fans of motorsport. You’ll hire the drivers, build the cars and embed yourself in the dynamic world of racing. Endurance Series DLC and free Anniversary Update out now. About the Game The ultimate management game for fans of motorsport. Feel the thrill of race day. React in real-time and make split-second decisions to gain the edge on your rivals. Master advanced technology to customise every aspect of your car’s performance. Create a top racing team composed of drivers, managers, mechanics and designers. Step into a living, breathing world of motorsport with you at the centre. Have you got what it takes to become the manager of a high-performance motorsport team? Motorsport Manager is a highly detailed, best-in-class management game for fans of motorsport. You’ll hire the drivers, build the cars and embed yourself in the dynamic world of racing. Every single detail will need to be considered in order to push your way to the championship title. Split second decisions on the race track combine with carefully laid pre-race plans; everything from building and customising your car to race-day tactics will affect your path to either ultimate victory or epic failure. Stop watching, start winning and take control as the manager of your own motorsport team. The Drivers . Your drivers have unique personality types, sparking drama within the team. Will you get the best out of them with tough love, or an arm around the shoulder? Location, Location, Location . The location of your HQ is all-important in this globe-spanning sport. Some drivers might find it hard to resist joining an Italian team... Pick the right people . Scouring the world for hidden gems is all the more satisfying when you find a young mechanic who can shave seconds off your pit stop times. The Factory . Build new cars and parts from scratch, then evolve the technology over multiple seasons to create the perfect driving machine. Thinking Ahead . Make the call on every part that goes into next season’s car. Get it right, and you’ll be in the perfect position come pre-season testing. Hone your expertise . Make detailed mechanical tweaks or choose your team’s recommendations. The Race Weekend . Set initial strategy across practice, qualifying and race – and adjust your tactics according to on-track developments. Master the Pitstop . Risk it all with a high speed pit stop that could put you out in front of your rivals. Weather Systems . Dynamic and game-changing weather. Will you pit for intermediate tyres or hold out on slicks for as long as possible? ['Racing', 'Simulation', 'Sports', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Management Racing Simulation Strategy Sports Automobile Sim Singleplayer Multiplayer Difficult Action Great Soundtrack Economy
345180 Victor Vran is the isometric action-RPG where your skill is just as essential as your character build and gear. Experience intense combat action: dodge, jump and unleash powerful skills to finish off your enemies! Victor Vran is an isometric Action-RPG with a massive selection of weapons, items, outfits, demon powers and destiny cards . Experience intense combat action with dozens of enemies attacking you from all sides and unleash powerful skills to finish them off! Victor Vran lets you decide how to play the game. Forge your own personal version of Victor thanks to a vast array of powerful weapons, game-changing outfits, wicked demon powers and destiny cards. Use special moves, combine skills and weapons to wipe out hordes of hideous beasts and clever boss monsters. Slaying demons doesn’t have to be a lonely affair – team up with friends online and explore the story of the dark world together in a full co-op experience. Local co-op is also available. Dynamic action – dive down on enemies, dodge attacks and stand against hordes of monsters Extensive character development – choose your weapons, items, outfits, destiny cards and demon powers to create your ultimate monster-slaying build Invite friends to defeat a vile monster or fight alongside players from all over the world. Do you want to find out who is more powerful? Try out the PvP Arena. Randomly generated items in addition to the hand-crafted ones. Improve every item to perfection by using transmutation . Huge variety in monster behavior Customize your difficulty with cursed hex items Xbox controller support Development will not end with the release. We will continue to improve and update Victor Vran with free features and content. The free Tome of Souls DLC introduces a brand new weapon type that unlocks new active abilities and a spellcaster playstyle. Of course, there are legendary tomes of forbidden words and endless power, such as The Nekonomicon and Fifty Shades of Slay. The free Highlander Outfit DLC opens even more character build options and an exciting new look for the title character. The free Cauldron of Chaos DLC adds a huge new map which offers a randomized layout, encounters and daily challenges. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Action RPG Hack and Slash RPG Adventure Co-op Isometric Action Loot Multiplayer Dungeon Crawler Indie Local Co-Op Controller Fantasy Singleplayer Online Co-Op Dark Fantasy Top-Down Difficult Steampunk
48240 Build your society of the future, colonize islands, and create sprawling megacities with multitudes of buildings, vehicles, and resources to manage. 2070 . Our world has changed. The rising level of the ocean has harmed the coastal cities and climate change has made large stretches of land inhospitable. The latest in the award-winning strategy series, Anno 2070™ offers a new world full of challenges, where you will need to master resources, diplomacy, and trade in the most comprehensive economic management system in the Anno series. Build your society of the future, colonize islands, and create sprawling megacities with multitudes of buildings, vehicles, and resources to manage. Engineer production chains such as Robot Factories, Oil Refineries, and Diamond Mines, and trade with a variety of goods and commodities. Key Features: A New Era While adhering to the fundamentals that made the Anno franchise a success, the near-future setting will bring numerous new gameplay mechanics, architectural breakthroughs, and all-new challenges. Additionally, players will be able to build massive cities, the scope of which has never been seen in prior Anno games! Become an Architect of the Future Face the current world’s challenges to shape the world of tomorrow. You can either join the Tycoons to pursue an industrial and efficient course, or side with the Ecos to create a more sustainable and environmentally friendly direction. An Evolving, Dynamic World Decisions will have an impact on the environment, the architectural look of the world, and the needs of the population. Discover Hidden Depths and New Resources The mysteries of the sea and the sky are waiting to be discovered. Take advantage of the transport systems of the future and develop a powerful economy. The Enhanced Anno with New Features to Master Smuggle wares between harbors without being detected by the coastal patrols, or forge alliances with powerful figures to expand your influence. ['Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Steam Trading Cards'] Strategy City Builder Simulation Futuristic RTS Economy Resource Management Multiplayer Singleplayer Sci-fi Management Building Real-Time Sandbox Trading Co-op Great Soundtrack Online Co-Op 4X Story Rich
936790 Alex Chen hides her 'curse': the psychic power of Empathy, the ability to absorb the emotions of others. When her brother dies in a so-called accident, Alex must embrace her power to find the truth. Deluxe Edition The Life is Strange: True Colors Deluxe edition contains: Life is Strange: True Colors: the complete game. Exclusive Bonus Story: ‘Wavelengths’: play as Steph in the year before Alex came to Haven Springs, in a standalone story set in the iconic Rocky Mountain Record Traders store and KRCT radio station. Exclusive Life is Strange Hero Outfit Pack: change up Alex's look with 4 new outfits inspired by past protagonists. The pack includes clothing inspired by Chloe’s Misfit Skull, Sean’s Wolf Squad, Daniel’s Space Mission, and Max’s Jane Doe outfits, with one outfit available for Alex to wear in each chapter of the main game. Ultimate Edition The Life is Strange: True Colors Ultimate edition contains: Life is Strange: True Colors Exclusive Bonus Story: ‘Wavelengths’ Exclusive Life is Strange Hero Outfit Pack Life is Strange Remastered Life is Strange: Before the Storm Remastered Reviews &amp; Accolades “Fantastic game that offers a great story.” IGN – 9/10 “Beautiful and brilliant.” Eurogamer – Recommended “An incredible new addition to the series.” TheSixthAxis – 9/10 “Truly something special.” TheGamer – 5/5 “At its heart, True Colors is a story about community and what it means to not be alone.” Gayming Magazine – 5/5 “Shows off what the next-generation of the series can deliver.” GamesRadar+ - 9/10 “It’s been a long time since a narrative resonated with us the way True Colors did.” CBR “Made me laugh, made me cry, and made me fall in love with its characters.” CGMagazine “Incredible piece of art.” Escapist “As beautiful as it is heart-wrenching.” NME - 4/5 “My game of the year so far.” Kinda Funny Games “Highly refreshing.” Metro - 8/10 “Players will be heartbroken to leave the imperfectly perfect town of Haven Springs.” GameRant “The most intimate game of the last decade.” Inverse “Best game I’ve played in 2021.” UPROXX “In a world that’s so vastly divided by difference, True Colors is a pertinent and urgent story.” Pink News - 4/5 “True Colors is the peak of the Life is Strange series to date.” Shacknews “Life is Strange: True Colors is one of those rare follow-ups to a classic that not only outshines the original but also reinvents itself from the ground up without losing what made the series great.” TechRaptor “A big-budget experience from beginning to end.” Tom’s Guide “A beautiful story of empathy and new beginnings.” Noisey Pixel “Emotionally resonant.” ComicBook . com – 4.5/5 “An artistic achievement.” Common Sense Media – 5/5 “Deck Nine has taken the franchise to the next level.” PC Invasion – 9/10 “A hit.” MP1st – 9/10 “An absolute gem.” App Trigger – 10/10 “Near perfect.” GamerHeadquarters – 9.5/10 About the Game A bold new era of the award-winning Life is Strange begins, with an all-new playable lead character and a thrilling mystery to solve! Alex Chen has long suppressed her 'curse': the supernatural ability to experience, absorb and manipulate the strong emotions of others, which she sees as blazing, colored auras. When her brother dies in a so-called accident, Alex must embrace her volatile power to find the truth – and uncover the dark secrets buried by a small town. THE TRUTH WILL HURT Discover the shocking secrets behind your brother’s death in an emotional roller-coaster of an adventure. FEEL EVERYTHING Change fate and change lives with the psychic power of Empathy. FORGE DEEP RELATIONSHIPS Build trust with the townsfolk – and embrace friendship or romance with Ryan and Steph. A TRULY PERSONAL STORY Make tough decisions and choose your own future. Freely roam the streets, stores, and hidden spaces of Haven Springs and meet unforgettable characters. FIND YOUR VOICE And decide Alex's style, with up to 24 outfits in your wardrobe. EXCLUSIVE SOUNDTRACK Original score by Angus &amp; Julia Stone, new tracks by mxmtoon and Novo Amor, and extensive licensed songs including Radiohead, Phoebe Bridgers, Gabrielle Aplin, and more. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Choices Matter Story Rich LGBTQ+ Female Protagonist Multiple Endings Choose Your Own Adventure Romance Emotional Third Person Atmospheric Drama Adventure Singleplayer Action Mystery Cinematic Stylized Narrative Mature Supernatural
424030 War of Rights is a first person multiplayer game featuring massive 350 player battles with a focus on historical authenticity, teamplay and immersion. It is set during the perilous days of the American Civil War, in the Maryland Campaign of September, 1862. War of Rights is a multiplayer game set during the perilous days of the American Civil War, in the Maryland Campaign of September, 1862. Campfire Games is devoted to presenting the gruesome and glorious elements of the period, while maintaining the highest level of historical accuracy and realism as is possible with the wonders of CRYENGINE. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ - Massive battles: Take part in engagements consisting of 350 players. - Tailored for line formation teamplay: Custom formation buff mechanic system rewards sticking together by lessening the suppression effects, the morale cost for the team when dying and the flag bearer respawn rate. - Multiple army branches: Fall in on the line as an infantryman or shatter the fighting spirit of the enemy as an artillery crewman! - Historical accuracy: Period correct uniforms, weapons, manual of arms animations, battlefields, objectives &amp; drill camps. - Regimental pride: 135 researched and recreated regiments &amp; batteries all supporting uniforms for all ranks (Private to Colonel) and player classes. ⠀⠀ - Immersive communication: In-game 3D voice system. - Recreated battlefields: 47 historically accurate skirmish areas of the Battles of Antietam and South Mountain as well as the Siege of Harpers Ferry to play on and 3 Drill Camps to perfect your formation forming abilities or simply exchange battle stories at the campfire. - Unique Game modes: Skirmishes, Picket Patrol, Conquest &amp; Contention have all been built from the ground up to support teamwork on a massive scale. - Player classes: Private, NCO, Flag Bearer, Drummer, Bugler, Fifer &amp; Officer playable from every regiment &amp; battery featured and covering all ranks from Private to Colonel. Each class and rank features historically authentic uniform customization in order for you to look the part. - Community focus: A strong company (player organized clans) focus with a dedicated forum sections devoted to in-game event creation. - Powerful game engine: Powered by CRYENGINE V, War of Rights is capable of providing visuals unmatched by any other Civil War game. - More than a game: War of Rights is a vision that keeps expanding its scale. The project is entirely crowdfunded and has been more than a decade in the making. We consider it more of an ever evolving artistic piece rather than a final product with a targeted release deadline with set features. Players in the game will be able to play on multiple battlefields of the campaign, from the confluence of the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers where the Siege of Harper's Ferry took place, to the ridgelines of South Mountain, and to the meandering waters of Antietam Creek at the Battle of Antietam. Additionally, players will also be able to choose from a list of regiments that fought in each battle as well as what rank to fight as, whether they want to slog it out as a lowly private, or if you want to orchestrate the carnage and mayhem as a major general. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Uniforms and bodily features will all be customizable for other players to see as you march and fight in the lines of battle according to the tactics of the period. As a General, you will operate in your headquarters equipped with a map of the battlefield and constantly receiving reports of friendly and enemy positions. Send out new orders to the regiments to move forward, or fall back - all in real time. The orders will move down the chain of command, to the Colonels, Majors, down to the Captains in charge of the individual regiments, all of whom have the option to follow the orders of their trusted commander, or rebel against his wishes and fight as you see fit. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Each map contains a period reconstruction of the buildings, farms, forests, roads, and rocks as they were in 1862 so players can fight through the streets of Harper's Ferry, in the wooded heights of Fox's Gap at South Mountain, or in the cornfields and Bloody Lanes of Antietam. Players can feel the whiz of deadly shot and shell fly by their bodies, or hit their comrades or themselves as they scream in a bloody hail from their wounds. Limbs will fly and blood will be spilt once again as Campfire Games brings the fighting of the Civil War right to the player's computer screen! ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Will you heed the Union call against the traitors? Or will you fight to defend your family and livelihood with the Confederacy? You decide! ['Action', 'Indie', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'Simulation', 'Strategy', 'Early Access'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Stats', 'Family Sharing'] Historical War Multiplayer Realistic Action Simulation Military FPS Strategy First-Person Shooter Massively Multiplayer Early Access Indie Violent America Singleplayer Gore Tactical Mature
382110 Virtual Desktop is an application developed for the Oculus Rift / Rift S, HTC Vive, Valve Index and WMR headsets that lets you use your computer in VR. This app is NOT for the Oculus Quest or Pico headsets. You can browse the web, watch movies, Netflix or even play games on a giant virtual screen. Virtual Desktop is an application for the Oculus Rift / Rift S, HTC Vive, Valve Index and Windows Mixed Reality headsets that lets you use your computer in VR. This app is NOT for the Meta Quest or Pico headsets. You can browse the web, watch movies, Netflix or even play games on a giant virtual screen. Other features include: Hardware accelerated 360 video playback Ability to play/stream YouTube 360 videos Browse and view 360 photos MilkDrop support for music visualization 3D Side-By-Side video support Game launcher with voice commands Multi-monitor Environment Editor to create custom environments Steam Workshop integration for environments Dashboard integration ['Utilities'] ['Tracked Controller Support', 'VR Only', 'VR Support', 'Steam Workshop', 'Partial Controller Support'] VR Utilities Software
298160 Eldevin is the award winning indie story-driven Free to Play MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) from Hunted Cow Studios. Join thousands of other players and explore the mystical lands of Eldevin. Eldevin is the award winning indie story-driven Free to Play MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) from Hunted Cow Studios. Join thousands of other players and explore the mystical lands of Eldevin. Featuring more than 160 realms, each filled with unique creatures and characters for you to encounter. Explore vast open plains or descend underground into hidden caves and dungeons, making friends or foes of the various factions as you carry out your epic quest to defend Eldevin Kingdom. Features Rich storyline involving hundreds of epic quests. Huge world to explore with many cities, areas, dungeons and secrets. 6 Talent Trees featuring over 200 talents. Real-time combat system. Use strategy and tactics to defeat epic Foes and Bosses. Engage in PvP combat with your friends and enemies. Your decisions and actions will affect future encounters and possibilities. Class-less combat system; players in Eldevin are free to learn any of over 100 unique abilities. Train in 14 professions to craft your own weapons, armor, items and amenities. 16 group-based dungeons and dozens of in-depth story-driven solo instances. Hundreds of items, including over 40 unique sets, to obtain and collect. Level up to 49 and enjoy awesome end-game activities. Lore Eldevin Kingdom, for generations, has been a green and peaceful land. All that changed ten years ago with the discovery of the Elemental Spheres. Once thought to be mere legend, these powerful magical artifacts had an immediate affect on the kingdom, plunging it into confusion and chaos. The royal family decreed that the Spheres be scattered to the corners of the world lest they cause more destruction. They were too late. The presence of the Spheres corrupted the Champions protecting them. Now Tristan, Emperor of the Infernal Empire, has set his sights on conquering the Spheres. Only the Kingdom of Eldevin stands in his way. ['Casual', 'Free To Play', 'Indie', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG'] ['Multi-player', 'MMO', 'Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards'] Free to Play RPG Massively Multiplayer MMORPG Indie Open World Casual Adventure Fantasy Crafting Action Singleplayer Character Customization
1063660 Bendy and the Dark Revival® is a first-person survival horror game set in the creepiest cartoon studio to ever exist. Discover the truth. Escape the studio. Above all, fear the Ink Demon…and survive. Play as Audrey as she explores the depths of a curiously creepy animation studio that’s gone completely mad. Return to a drawn world of nightmares to sneak, fight, and solve your way through its many deep shadows. Collect the powers of the ink and upgrade your weapon to overcome terrifying obstacles and unspeakable monsters. A twisted rogue's gallery of re-animated abominations await you. They stalk the halls ready to attack and demolish anything in their path. Prepare to face these inky inhabitants on their own dark turf. Above all, beware the Ink Demon. The grim story unfolds as you dive in the lost reaches of the past. Discover who you are. Uncover the truth to set yourself free from the stained hell of Joey Drew Studios. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Horror Action Singleplayer First-Person Survival Horror Adventure Indie Cartoony Story Rich Dark Puzzle Survival Stealth Action-Adventure Sequel Combat Atmospheric Strategy Great Soundtrack Casual
473690 Absolver is an online multiplayer combat game where players are placed behind the mask of a Prospect under control of the Guides, the new rulers of the fallen Adal Empire, who will determine your worth in joining their elite corps of Absolvers. Digital Deluxe Edition The Absolver: Deluxe Edition includes the official soundtrack from Austin Wintory and The Art of Absolver 52-page digital artbook. Absolver: Downfall Expansion Absolver: Downfall is a new, free expansion for the online melee brawler that brings a new game mode, new combat style, new school challenges, and a fistful of new gear for Prospects and Absolvers. Downfall Mode: Absolvers will face their toughest challenge yet as they battle through the new Adalian Mines as a solo warrior or in online cooperative play. Each run through the procedurally sequenced mines and temples offers a unique path through a variety of challenges against upgraded enemy combatants and three intense boss fights. Faejin Combat Style: The nw Faejin Combat Style blends defense and offense with percussive strikes and fluid power. The new approach is a complex style for experienced Absolvers, featuring shifting defensive abilities and two dozen attacks for bare hands, wargloves, and armed combat. School Challenges: Absolvers who have reached the Disciple rank in a school can participate in School challenges, by using their school’s decks and powers in 1v1 Combat Trials. All wins representing one’s school count in the School challenges, with individual and collective performances of the schools bringing fresh rewards every three weeks, at the end of the season. About the Game In the ruins of the fallen Adal Empire, you awaken with a mysterious mask on your face, and faint recollections of an esoteric ceremony. Freeing you from hunger, thirst, and even death, the mask is the creation of the Guides, the rulers of these lands, who have placed you here to determine whether you are worthy of becoming part of the elite corps of Absolvers. As you wander these forsaken lands, encountering other Prospects like you, you will learn new combat styles, acquire weapons, gear and armor, and build a team of warriors with whom to fight side by side in Arenas of combat. Please visit the official Absolver FAQ on the Steam discussion board for more information: Fluid Real-Time Combat: Position yourself in one of four tactical stances during real-time battles and execute devastating attacks, dodges, and parries. Movement becomes your weapon as you engage in solo duels or intense multiplayer melee battles. Customizable Style and Flow: Players will define their character’s playstyle by picking a combat style, a weapon of choice, and arranging attacks in their Combat Deck to design their unique and personal attack flow. Online Multiplayer Action and Narrative: Prospects and Absolvers will seamlessly encounter others in the world, generating unique stories that emerge through player interaction and choices. These moments are filled with tension as intentions to battle or befriend are never clear: trust is always a leap of faith. Encounters will have lasting consequences and transform into meaningful relationships as you make friends or enemies and find mentors or disciples. PvP and PvE: Explore a rich and dynamic world including dedicated PvP battle arenas where champions will receive spoils of victory and progress in the ranks of the Absolvers, and PvE areas in which players cooperatively battle to retrieve rare loot and equipment from the ruins of Adal. ABSOLVER CONTENT UPDATES The development team at Sloclap is dedicated to improving and expanding Absolver based on community feedback once the game is live. In the coming weeks and months, Prospects can expect regular updates to the game to fix any issues that appear, as well as both minor and major content updates. These updates already include 3v3 Game Mode and a Spectator Mode soon after launch, but many more updates can be expected, from new combat styles and moves to new powers and equipment. Please follow updates here and on or @Absolver on Twitter for the latest. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Fighting Martial Arts Action Multiplayer PvP Open World Adventure Indie PvE Online Co-Op RPG Character Customization Difficult Co-op Singleplayer Swordplay MMORPG Massively Multiplayer Souls-like Atmospheric
386070 Wage war across entire solar systems with massive armies at your command. Annihilate enemy forces with world-shattering TITAN-class units, and demolish planets with massive super weapons! Kickstarter Backers From September 2012 Founding Kickstarter backers from September 2012 were gifted TITANS for free. All other owners of classic PA can upgrade to TITANS at a permanent discount of 90% off. About the Game RTS JUST GOT BIGGER TITANS is the huge stand-alone expansion to the already massive-scale RTS Planetary Annihilation, which includes the base game and adds tons of new features: Devastate your enemies with 5 massive TITAN-class super units like the earth-shaking Atlas bot and lightning-wielding Zeus airship! Expand your strategic arsenal with 19 new units such as versatile Hover Tanks, indomitable Orbital Battleships, and voracious Nanobot Swarms! Elevate your game with new planets that feature multi-level terrain available in both single and multiplayer. Get up to speed faster with a new, streamlined tutorial experience, then take your game to the next level with the new Bounty Mode option for AI skirmish and multiplayer, Including everything you loved about Planetary Annihilation: Epic Scale - Command armies with numbers in the thousands across multiple planets on land, sea, air, and even in orbit. Epic Multiplayer - Play with up to ten friends (or enemies) in massive free-for-all and team-based matches. Or, compete in the 1v1 ranked ladder. Epic Single-Player - Galactic War is a twist on traditional real-time strategy campaigns that has players battling across a dynamic galaxy filled with procedurally-generated content. Smash Planets - End games by destroying entire planets with giant lasers, asteroid collisions, and the new planet-splitting Ragnarok Titan! Advanced Command And Control - Automate your armies with intuitive controls and features, allowing you to create and manage massive armies and production lines with ease across multiple fronts on multiple planets at once! Instant Replays - View in-match recordings in real-time while matches are in progress. See when a battle turned by rewinding the game to any point, and use Play From Here to turn it back in your favor. In-Game Mods - Modding support included directly in-game via Community Mods on the main menu: Local Server - Host LAN games with up to 32 players using the included DRM free local server: *Must meet Minimum System Requirements for offline play ['Action', 'Indie', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'LAN PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements'] RTS Strategy Real Time Tactics Multiplayer Base-Building Singleplayer War Sci-fi Building Online Co-Op PvP Co-op Robots Space Grand Strategy Destruction Mechs Indie Futuristic Simulation
482920 Become a hero, build your own Hide-Out and start by saving your neighbourhood. Level up your skills, collect incredibly weird superhero gadgets, and join a superhero team to save the world! Hero Zero is one of the most successful free-to-play online multiplayer RPG games, allowing players to create their own superhero character in a funny, exciting, and fascinating universe. With hundreds of villains, criminals, and bosses to fight, players must use their wits and strength to bring justice and peace back to the world. Unlock hilariously powerful gadgets and upgrades to equip your hero for epic battles and challenging single-player missions. Build your own hideout as a secret base, placed under your house in Humpreydale. Upgrade and modify your shelter to get better rewards and increase efficiency, and compete with other players to find out who can build the best superhero hideout. Join or create a team with your friends and build your own headquarters to fight more efficiently against all evil villains, criminals, and bosses. Compete with other players and teams in exciting multiplayer fights and climb the leaderboard on your mission to become the most successful superhero in the world. Experience a whole new dimension to fighting crime with our season feature! Every month, progress through a new season pass that unlocks exclusive armour, weapons, and sidekicks themed around Season Arcs. These narrative and thematic elements tie together three seasons lasting a three-month period, creating a new layer of depth and strategy in Hero Zero. PvE FEATURE: For the toughest of heroes, 'Hard Mode' has arrived in Hero Zero! With this PvE feature, users who have reached the upper ranks of heroism can replay special missions on a tougher mode. Track your progress against other players with our leaderboard, and earn great rewards for defeating the biggest and baddest enemies. - Over 31 million players worldwide! - Regular free updates and new content to keep the game fresh - Free to play - no cost to join the fun! - Create and customize your own hero to suit your playstyle - Build up your own superhero team to take on any challenge! - Challenge other heroes in PvP and team battles for bragging rights - Funny and fascinating storyline to keep you engaged - Easy to learn gameplay for players of all skill levels - Appealing graphics to bring the world to life - Real time villain events with thousands of players for an epic experience Start your epic and hilarious adventure now - for free! Join the millions of players already enjoying the fun and excitement of this game. Want to be a part of our community? Questions, problems, or suggestions? You can find us on: - Discord: - Instagram: - Facebook: - YouTube: ['Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Massively Multiplayer', 'RPG', 'Strategy', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'In-App Purchases'] Free to Play RPG Casual Adventure Massively Multiplayer Indie Strategy Superhero Multiplayer Funny Clicker Horror Illuminati Survival 2D Open World Online Co-Op Singleplayer Action-Adventure Action RPG
1061090 Take up the challenge and face true high-stakes platforming in Jump King! Struggle upwards in search of the Smoking Hot Babe of legend, but explore with care; a single missed jump could lead to a long fall back down... 'Tactical Leaping Adventure - Jump King: There is a Smoking Hot Babe at the Top!' is a platforming challenge about struggling upwards in search of the legendary Smoking Hot Babe! This lonely adventure to reach The Top will demand full mastery of the technique of jumping. Just try to remember, with each fall there is a lesson to be learned... Jump King includes two free expansions - ”New Babe+” and ”Ghost of the Babe”! Gameplay: -Prepare for true high-stakes platforming! The only way forward is up, and your only enemy is yourself! Tension rises with each jump when a single mistake means a long fall - and you have to get back up again yourself... -Hold to charge and release to leap away! The seemingly simple act of jumping will take much practice to master. -Use your mind before you jump! The obvious path is sometimes not the best, and once you are in the air there is no turning back... The higher you jump, the harder you fall All progress and each fall is auto-saved Tough but addictive gameplay Challenge your friends to master this test of resolve Hours of nail-biting suspense await Atmosphere: Learn to love and hate the curious characters that you meet on your journey through this mysterious vertical world. Classic graphics – snappy animations Painstakingly hand drawn backgrounds Incredible OST by Thörnlund &amp; Eklöf Sound High-definition ambiences The last hour led to this jump, everything is on the line! Will you get the Babe? Will you reach the Top? Do you think you have what it takes to defeat this game!? Expansions: New Babe+: ”How amusing, he approaches without shaking...” The world at the end of the Imp’s hidden path seems familiar, yet everything is different... Prove that you really deserve the title of Jump King in the intense second chapter! Ghost of the Babe: Investigate the mystery of the Ghost of the Babe in the twisted third chapter of the legendary struggle. The desolate land past Philosopher’s Forest is unlike anything seen before... With only a faint ghostly presence remaining, what is left to jump for? You didn't do it for her, did you? (It is recommended to finish the original game before attempting the expansions.) ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Psychological Horror Difficult Precision Platformer Indie Pixel Graphics Adventure Action 2D Platformer Singleplayer Retro Medieval Philosophical Atmospheric Funny Souls-like Dark Humor Horror Fantasy Side Scroller
341000 Form your own game studio set in the early 1980s in a small garage. Develop your own game ideas, create a team and develop megahit video games. Research new technologies, train your staff and upgrade your office space, going from a lowly garage to a huge building. Expand your business and dominate the world market for video games! BUILD UP YOUR OWN GAMES EMPIRE Form your own game studio in the early 1980s starting in a small garage. Develop your own game concepts, create a team and develop megahit video games. Research new technologies, train your staff, upgrade your offices, moving up to bigger and better locations. Expand your business and dominate the world market for video games! • Manage the various aspects of your company From being able to produce your own games in-house to buying up your competitors, the game allows for total control of your game company and the direction you wish to take it in. • Develop the games of your dreams You are given the freedom to develop the game of your dreams. Develop or buy a someone else's game engine and create a simple Platformer or the next big MMORPG. You can set your main focus on graphics, sound, technique and gameplay. Choose between core and casual gamers as the targeted audience for your game. Should your game have Copy Protection? Want to use an offical Movie License for your game? This only a few of the possibilities for you to develop your own groundbreaking, best selling game. • Build your office from scratch You can arrange your office by your own imagination. Build development, server, training, or production rooms and your own executive office. Place some desks, cabinets and plants to keep your employees happy. There are a lot of objects and rooms to create a personalized and effective office. Build a customer support office to keep the fans happy, build warehouses and production rooms to make and produce your own games in bulk, setting the prices and deciding what to include. FEATURES • Start your own game development studio • Create your own dream games • Build multiple development rooms and become a prolific game studio! • Buy out your competition, make improvements and have them make games for you. • Cut deals with publishers or produce your own • Show your new hit games off at the games convention to attract fans • Tons of genres, features and topics • Research new technologies • More than 120 different game screenshots • Hire game design legends • Train your employees and make industry defining games • Create a next-gen engine and sell it to other companies for profit • Buy new and larger office buildings • More then 100 licenses to base your games on • Develop and sell your own AAA Engine • Produce a next-gen game console ['Casual', 'Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Family Sharing'] Management Simulation Strategy Economy Casual Building GameMaker Base-Building Sandbox Resource Management Crafting Capitalism Trading Replay Value Programming Atmospheric Singleplayer Isometric Cartoon Top-Down
1488200 Enter Tahnra, a land savaged by war. You, a fresh academy graduate with humble beginnings, will grow to lead a grand army against a corrupt adversary. Gather heroes, form bonds, and lead your force in turn-based battles. Make use of tactics, terrain, morale and more to bring peace to the land! At the turn of the millennium, the world of Tahnra is headed for a reckoning. The long and bloody conflict of Veridian Succession left the Empire of Veridia scarred, its people subject to brutal hardships. Under the reign of Empress Florina, the vicious cycle seemed to be broken, until a rogue General abducted her from the capital, mustering his own armies and raising the flag of rebellion. You, a young academy graduate, will command an expedition against these forces… a conflict that will set off a chain of events and shake the very foundations of the world. 2D Turn-based Strategy RPG Squad-based player army Story-rich 30-40 hour Campaign with huge replay value 50+ Character classes for your troops Massive depth of tactics you will learn through natural play Limitless possibilities for how to build your characters and squads The gameplay focuses on grand-scale operations, outwitting and out-planning the opponent, while individual battles are carried out automatically and are thrilling to watch unfold. Maneuver squads of up to 9 soldiers across battlefields and seize the advantage by grabbing high ground, holding chokepoints, ambushing from the woods, and more P ay attention to the weather, or fall prey to a sudden blizzard or heat wave Liberate towns and capture resources to bolster your reputation and sustain your armies Break the enemy's morale, while maintaining your own Eliminate enemy squad leaders to shatter their chain of command Tactics win engagements. Logistics win wars. Once the dust settles, it's time to collect the wounded, rally the troops, and prepare for another battle in the long march to peace on Tahnra. Assemble squads from more than 50 unit classes, including heavy infantry, archers, shock cavalry, medics, arquebusiers, dragons, battle mages, and more Outfit squads with equipment and artifacts obtained through looting and victory Nurture your conscripts into elite warriors, or hire mercenaries to instantly boost your army's fighting prowess Research upgrades through your faction’s tech tree across a multitude of classes to specialize or generalize your troops for the job The graduates of the Imperial War Academy were sent to quickly contain a rebellion, but became embroiled in a vicious plot far beyond what they could imagine. Meet friends, heroes, allies, and rivals from the many different factions across the world Manage a dynamic relationship system, unlocking iconic conversations, unbreakable bonds, and powerful bonuses between your characters Experience an epic tale brimming with malice, treachery, and ambitions, as the fragile peace of Tahnra unravels ['Adventure', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Tactical RPG RPG Story Rich Fantasy Turn-Based Strategy Adventure Female Protagonist Strategy RPG Pixel Graphics Lore-Rich Romance Drama Strategy 2D JRPG Indie Auto Battler Singleplayer Party-Based RPG Tactical
39510 Gothic II: Gold Edition brings together the excitement of Gothic II and the add-on Night of the Raven to your fingertips! Gothic II: Gold Edition brings together the excitement of Gothic II and the add-on Night of the Raven to your fingertips! You have torn down the magical barrier and released the prisoners of the Mine Valley. Now the former criminals of the forests and mountains are causing trouble around the capital of Khorinis. The town militia is powerless due to their low amount of force–outside of the town, everyone is helpless against the attacks of the bandits. Over 100 thrilling missions on the different settings A detailed, lively game environment with over 500 individual characters (each with their own daily routine) The player determines the course of the story himself Fight with more than 200 different weapons and magical spells Over 12 hours of complete, English voice output Includes the Night of the Raven add-on ['Action', 'RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Family Sharing'] RPG Classic Open World Atmospheric Singleplayer Gothic Fantasy Story Rich Dark Fantasy Action Third Person Medieval Replay Value Adventure Difficult Dragons Great Soundtrack Magic Action RPG Pirates
356880 Eron is a 2D platform game that allows the player to actively switch between two parallel realms. The player will have to depend upon this power to finish each level. Eron is a 2D platform game that allows the player to actively switch between two parallel realms. The player will have to depend upon this power to finish each level. In a distant galaxy, on an uncharted planet code-named, Eron, a special power is hidden. The planet is in constant danger as many seek this power hidden in the planets core. You play as a native tribesman on this planet, who one day discovers that uninvited guests have destroyed your village. It is up to you to find and stop whoever is responsible. ***THIS GAME MIGHT NOT BE COMPATIBLE WITH YOUR GAMEPAD*** This game has only been verified to work on a Xbox 360 controller for Windows and a few similar gamepads. ['Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Family Sharing'] Indie Platformer Pixel Graphics 2D
885970 Total War: ROME REMASTERED lets you relive the legacy that defined the award-winning strategy game series. Remastered to 4K with multiple improvements to visuals as well as refinements to gameplay, it’s time to revisit a true classic. Not everyone gets a second chance to conquer the Roman Empire. ROME REMASTERED includes the Alexander and Barbarian Invasion DLCs, as well as a copy of the original ROME: Total War Collection* if you don’t already own it. Improved Visuals ROME REMASTERED brings the classic Rome visuals up to date, with 4K optimization**, ultra-widescreen and native UHD resolution** support. This visual upgrade extends across a multitude of features, including re-modelled buildings and objects, and environmental effects like dust clouds and heat haze. The refreshed campaign maps also boast new high-resolution models, and units have been remodelled and retextured to look their very best on the battlefield. Modern Features ROME REMASTERED includes a host of modern features and improvements to existing mechanics. The in-game camera has been enhanced, including map rotation and wider zoom level in Campaign mode. Heat maps and new icon overlays have been added for gameplay mechanics such as diplomacy and security. In Battle, the new tactical map, unit displays and range markers give you greater command over Rome’s battlefields. Enhanced Game Mechanics Players can now expand their armies and experience 16 additional factions that were previously locked, giving a grand total of 38 playable factions. In a first for Total War, you can now take your favourite faction to battle against friends in cross-platform multiplayer between Windows, macOS and Linux. A whole new agent type has also been added to the fray; Merchants can be sent all over the world to create trade links, access resources and buy out rivals to increase your income and assert your faction’s economic power. *Please note, ROME: Total War Collection is only playable on Windows. **4K enhancements unlocked by downloading Enhanced Graphics Pack ['Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy Grand Strategy Turn-Based Strategy Action RTS 4X Rome Real Time Tactics Wargame Historical Diplomacy Tactical War Multiplayer Singleplayer Turn-Based Combat Turn-Based Tactics Remake Medieval Classic
1577120 When the sun goes down on the last night of summer camp, nine teenage counselors are plunged into an unpredictable night of horror. The only thing worse than the blood-drenched locals and creatures hunting them are the unimaginable choices you must make to help them survive. The Quarry - Deluxe Edition Enjoy some extra teen horror flair with The Quarry - Deluxe Edition! This Edition includes: The Quarry Full Game Deluxe Bonus Content Pack: ‘80s-themed character outfits (available post-launch, see below), instant access to the Death Rewind system, Gorefest Movie Mode option, and Horror History Visual Filter Pack Note: The ‘80s-themed character outfits will be automatically delivered in-game on or by 7/8/2022 ‘80s THROWBACK CHARACTER OUTFITS Horror History Visual Filter Pack Tailor the aesthetic of The Quarry to your liking by choosing from three cinematic visual filters, each replicating a different era and style of iconic horror filmmaking! Choose from an 8mm-style film grain (Indie Horror), a retro VHS aesthetic ('80s Horror), or the classic black-and-white cinematic filter (Classic Horror). The Quarry - Official Trial Version Experience the thrilling Prologue chapter of The Quarry in this free trial! Trial Version players can also be invited to play online multiplayer by friends who own the full version of The Quarry on Steam via Wolf Pack Mode, and vote on key decisions to create a story shaped by the whole group. Plus, story progress will carry over if you choose to get in on the fun and purchase the full game using the same Steam account! And remember – what doesn’t kill you will make you stronger. About the Game As the sun sets on the last day of summer camp, the teenage counselors of Hackett’s Quarry throw a party to celebrate. No kids. No adults. No rules. Things quickly take a turn for the worse. Hunted by blood-drenched locals and something far more sinister, the teens' party plans unravel into an unpredictable night of horror. Friendly banter and flirtations give way to life-or-death decisions, as relationships build or break under the strain of unimaginable choices. Play as each of the nine camp counselors in a thrilling cinematic tale, where every decision shapes your unique story from a tangled web of possibilities. Any character can be the star of the show—or die before daylight comes. How will your story unfold? YOUR STORY, THEIR FATE Will you dare to check what's behind that trap door? Will you investigate the screams echoing from within the forest? Will you save your friends or desperately run for your life? Every choice, big or small, shapes your story and determines who lives to tell the tale. A STUNNING CINEMATIC EXPERIENCE Cutting edge facial capture and filmic lighting techniques, combined with incredible performances from an iconic ensemble cast of Hollywood talent, bring the horrors of Hackett’s Quarry to life in a pulse-pounding, cinematic thrill ride. ENJOY THE FRIGHT WITH FRIENDS Place your faith in up to 7 friends in online play*, where invited players watch along and vote on key decisions, creating a story shaped by the whole group! Or, play together in a party horror couch co-op experience where each player picks a counselor and controls their actions. CUSTOMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE Adjustable difficulty for all gameplay elements let players of any skill level enjoy the horror. And if you prefer to watch rather than play, Movie Mode lets you enjoy The Quarry as a binge-worthy cinematic thriller. Select how you want the story to unfold, kick back, and munch on some popcorn in between all the screams! STARRING: David Arquette as Chris Ariel Winter as Abigail Brenda Song as Kaitlyn Evan Evagora as Nick Halston Sage as Emma Justice Smith as Ryan Miles Robbins as Dylan Siobhan Williams as Laura Skyler Gisondo as Max Zach Tinker as Jacob Ethan Suplee as Bobby Grace Zabriskie as Eliza Lance Henriksen as Jedediah Lin Shaye as Constance Ted Raimi as Travis *Online multiplayer functionality will be available post-launch on or by July 8, 2022. ['Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Family Sharing'] Choices Matter Horror Multiple Endings Multiplayer Cinematic Story Rich Quick-Time Events Thriller Gore Sexual Content Singleplayer Adventure Realistic Violent Survival Horror Narrative Nudity Blood Psychological Horror Co-op
1526490 Fear Surrounds is a horror-tinged take on the werewolf-style social subterfuge genre, where two evil spirits hide within a group of players and attempt to sabotage and murder them. DISCUSSION About the Game Overview Fear Surrounds is a horror-themed 3D Werewolf game. Specters hide among a group of good guys who need to root out the specters' true identities asap. The game has dozens of professions and maps, making for a diverse experience that never gets old. Plus there are fun modes like Battle Royale. How to Play Players play as either specters or good guys and must determine who the killers are through behavior and speaking in meetings. Good guys must constantly watch over the actions of those around them. During meetings, they must clearly describe their whereabouts, who they suspect and why. But don't trust the words of others lightly, and don't make rash conclusions based on conjecture. If you're wrong, your team will be at a disadvantage. Clergy have a broader field of view and must use their skills to lead the good team to victory. Specters need to kill all of the good guys without getting caught. They can communicate with teammates with voice messages, use skills to cover each other, and kill good guys or create alibis among chaos. They need to lie about their whereabouts during meetings, accuse others or even pretend to be Clergy. Their goal is to interfere with the good team's judgment as much as possible. Player Objectives Good Faction 1. Complete all quests to achieve victory. 2. Vote out all specters during meetings to achieve victory. (Analyze the behavior and speech of other players to determine if they are good or bad. If you make the wrong choice, someone innocent may die because of it.) Specters Faction 1. Pretend to be good. Kill good guys when there are no eyewitnesses. 2. Use destruction skills to create an opportunity to kill. 3. Lie during meetings to influence the votes. 4. Kill all good guys to achieve victory. Profession Details Good Faction Professions: 1. Traveler: must continuously complete quests to avoid losing HP and dying. Has no special abilities. Clergy: travelers with special abilities. Like regular travelers, they also continuously lose HP. 1. Priest: can verify someone's faction, but doesn't know their specific identity. 2. White Spirit: can assassinate one person once per game. 3. Avenger: when sacrificed, will kill the target who voted him/her out. 4. Forensic Doctor: can see all corpses on the map. 5. Idiot: will not be killed the first time they are sacrificed, but can no longer vote or speak in meetings afterwards. 6. Psychic: at each meeting, learns which faction the dead belong to. Specter Professions: have the ability to assassinate and destroy by default. 1. Nightmare: can blind all players. 2. Magic Eye: can see the location of all players. 3. Ghost King: has an extra assassination ability, but dies after using it. 4. Ghost Priest: can verify the identity of a corpse. 5. Hidden Demon: before awakening, cannot be detected by the Priest or Pope's skills. 6. Silence Specter: can silence 1 player during each round of the game. 7. Betrayer: has the abilities of a regular traveler, and neither specters nor travelers know his identity. Has to help the specters win. Map Details There are many maps including hospital, school and prison. Each map offers unique scenario that players must solve in combination with the jobs. Use CTRL to view the map and Tab to display nearby quests. New players can use the training mode to get familiar with the maps. FAQ If there is no reaction when you click the 'PLAY' button on the steam page, you need open the game installation directory to find the 'c++ Repair tool' to repair the 'DirectX' environment. ['Casual', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Free To Play'] ['Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'In-App Purchases'] Multiplayer Horror Online Co-Op Social Deduction Survival Funny Casual Co-op RPG Mystery Battle Royale Psychological Horror 3D First-Person Tactical RPG MOBA PvP Detective MMORPG Board Game
223830 Xenonauts is a strategy game in which you control a multi-national military organisation defending a Cold War-era Earth from alien invasion, using small squads of persistent soldiers to eliminate the extraterrestrials and recover their technology in turn-based ground combat. WISHLIST XENONAUTS 2 About the Game Xenonauts is a strategy game in which you control a multi-national military organisation defending a Cold War-era Earth from alien invasion, using small squads of persistent soldiers to eliminate the extraterrestrials and recover their technology in turn-based ground combat. A detailed strategic layer allows you to co-ordinate the defence of the planet, using your interceptors to shoot down UFOs and researching captured artefacts to learn about your foes and unlock new combat equipment to use on your missions. Xenonauts is a spiritual successor to the classic X-Com strategy games from the 1990s. We aim to improve the graphics, add new content and streamline the interface whilst still retaining all of the key mechanics of the original games. Devoted fans should love this game, but we're also keen to introduce the joys of old-school grand strategy to a whole new generation of players who might not otherwise experience it! Please note that the native Mac / Linux versions of the game are still in beta, however older WINE-wrapped 'ports' are available and known to be stable whilst development of the native ports is still ongoing. Key Features Ground Combat: Xenonauts delivers tense turn-based combat across realistic, varied and fully-destructible battlefields, against almost fifty different variants of enemy. Missions range from capturing crashed UFOs or alien bases to defending cities (or even Xenonaut facilities) against alien attack. You'll experience the chill of encountering a new alien for the first time and the joys of test-firing a new weapon for the first time. Deeply asymmetric combat keeps the battles interesting - after all, you're fighting intergalactic invaders with 1970's ballistic technology! Strategic Management: You will also be managing the defence of the planet, dealing with the invading alien UFOs with your customisable interceptors. You need to balance the needs of your funding nations with your own. Your funds are limited - are you going to spend them on battlefield equipment, more scientists, or expanding your coverage of the planet? Your priorities must be balanced carefully if you are to win the war. Research Tree: Xenonauts has an extensive research tree with almost a hundred projects to unlock, each with its own unique description and painted artwork. It slowly reveals the intentions and origins of the invaders, while also unlocking new battlefield equipment, aircraft and vehicles for you to use as you harness alien technology and turn it against them. Persistent Soldiers: Soldiers in Xenonauts are persistent from mission to mission, improving their stats and gaining ranks with combat experience - but their deaths are always only a single bad move away. You will grow to care about the brave men and women under your command as they slowly grow from green rookies into hardened veterans, but that only makes it more painful when their heroic tale is cruelly cut short by a burst of plasma fire... Detailed, Emergent Simulation: Xenonauts contains no scripted missions, just broad rules setting the pace of the invasion. As such, no game plays out the same twice. If you shoot a Scout UFO down over a polar area, you get a Crash Site mission where you can capture a crashed Scout UFO in an Arctic tileset. Commence a battle at night and you'll be fighting the mission in the darkness with reduced sight range. If your base is attacked, you fight the defence in a perfect replica of your base. A lot of time has gone into weaving the two very different halves of the game together into something that feels both natural and enjoyable. ['Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Family Sharing'] Turn-Based Strategy Turn-Based Tactics Turn-Based Combat Base-Building Grand Strategy Management Singleplayer Strategy Tactical Aliens Sci-fi Indie Isometric Simulation Turn-Based Kickstarter Cold War 2D Remake Atmospheric
1333350 Idle or play whenever and wherever you want. Customize the looking of your favorite Angels. Automatically accumulate resources all the time. Angel Legion is the latest 3D girls idle RPG adventure game. Angel Legion takes place in the magnificent and profound Sheila Galaxy, which was once home to ancient civilizations. However, the shadow of war looms over humanity, making it difficult to ignore the clouds of time and the succession of civilizations. Among the influences shaping this conflict are the Star Alliance, the Oriental Force, and the Rebel Army. These three factions hold the most power and compete for control of the galaxy. Combat intensifies, where advanced technological weaponry has emerged on the battlefield. Among these advances are powerful and beautiful goddesses who have become the most dazzling stars in combat. At the same time, an dark plan that has been long in the making is now unfolding. #Game Features# ▶ Space Exploration &amp; Ladies Assembly Encounter more than 100 uniquely charming angels in the vastness of space! -&gt; All babe support customizable appearances. -&gt; Access a massive collection of costumes for free, which can be shared among all characters. ▶ Sweet Home &amp; Intimate Connections Deepen your bond with the angels, unlocking diverse special storylines! The longer you spend time together, the higher the affection level between Miya and the Commander becomes. By interacting closely with Miya in the in-game home, you will discover new secrets! ▶ 3D Dynamic Scenes &amp; Exquisite Graphics Goddess will interact intimately with Commanders through high-quality 2D/3D animations! Embark on an adventure full of unknowns voyage amongst the stars, as the story unfolds to its ultimate conclusion. ▶ Idle Battles &amp; Strategic Victories Deploy your team of goddesses, who will automatically battle for you! Simply wait to obtain advanced gear and elite character. Enhance your combat power significantly with clever strategies and equipment combinations, embarking on unprecedented and legendary challenges to win rare treasures! ['Adventure', 'RPG', 'Strategy', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'MMO', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'In-App Purchases'] Sexual Content Mature Nudity Hentai Free to Play NSFW Female Protagonist Anime 3D Character Customization RPG Strategy Adventure Idler Turn-Based Tactics Singleplayer Multiplayer Card Game MMORPG Co-op
1105670 Defend the last bastion of humanity with your squad of heroes! Exterminate fiendish monsters with magic and brute force by night and re-build your battered city defenses by day in this tactical RPG with rogue-lite mechanics. In a desperate move to end all wars that have been rampaging the world for decades, the mages provoked The Cataclysm. Massive balls of pure magic obliterated nearly everything. A strange purple mist propagated everywhere, with hordes of bloodthirsty mutants coming at night. Our only hope is now to banish all magic from this accursed world by casting The Last Spell, requiring several days of uninterrupted incantation whilst a few strained Heroes try to protect those damned mages. The Last Spell is a tactical RPG with roguelite elements in which you have to defend a city against hordes of deadly enemies. During daytime, prepare your Heroes, carefully choose how to rebuild your Haven and position your defenses. Over the night, exterminate all the monsters coming at your walls with a large range of weapons and skills. Then heal, level up, and repeat until the Magic Seal is broken. Turn-Based Tactical RPG: ● The whole RPG package: a flurry of stats, skills, perks, traits… and more. ● Tons of items: armors, weapons, trinkets and potions… with their own stats and skills, as well as optional random modifiers. Each weapon has its own skillset and playstyle! ● Build your own classes : upgrade your heroes with stat bonuses and perks, and equip whatever gear you wish. Want to make a glass cannon rogue/mage fighting with a gun? Do it! ● Manage your squad of heroes: they’re strong, but they are few and have access to limited resources. Healing and mana are scarce, so try to find a good balance. Hordes of Evil: ● Think and adapt: you will face swarms of deadly enemies with only a few hardened heroes. Optimize your positioning and plan your actions: big AOE attacks, crowd control, buffs, poison... Every Action Point counts towards another day of survival. ● Enemies have strengths and weaknesses that will challenge your wits. And because hard is not enough for us, be prepared for the terrifying Elites ! ● Each map will end with epic fights against unique mind-bending bosses . Protect the Haven: ● Rebuild the city to help you in-between fights. Get healed, forge new magical weapons, get new heroes. Spend your resources wisely, commander! ● Build up your defenses : walls, traps, towers, catapults… every tiny bit of help is welcome. ● Protect the Magic Circle at all costs! If you lose it, humanity is doomed. ● 5 Havens to protect, each with their own setup and challenges requiring you to tailor your strategy to beat the Great Evil. Roguelite Elements: ● The game is meant to be hard . You will fail… A lot. But every time you do, you’ll grow harder, better, faster, stronger! ● Procedurally generated enemy waves, characters, weapons and a ton of unlockables will keep you entertained until the real world collapses. ● Tailor each run thanks to the Omens : a limited amount of bonuses that can be picked for the upcoming run. Do you prefer more Action Points, more characters, sturdier defenses, better loot? Experiment to find your preferred tools of destruction. ● Scale the difficulty to your liking, with 6 levels of Apocalypse to entertain even the most hardcore players. Headbanger Soundtrack: ● Over 25 tracks of thunderous synths-driven progressive metal to guide you through this joyous slaughterfest ● Composed by the incredible Rémi - The Algorithm - Gallégo ['Action', 'Indie', 'RPG', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Tactical Singleplayer 2D Pixel Graphics Strategy RPG Perma Death Turn-Based Rogue-lite Tower Defense Turn-Based Tactics Tactical RPG Dark Fantasy Turn-Based Strategy Turn-Based Combat RPG Strategy Base-Building Post-apocalyptic Fantasy Rogue-like
493540 Figment is an action-adventure game that invites you to explore a unique surreal universe filled with music, humor and multi layered narrative. Join Dusty and his ever-optimistic friend, Piper, on an adventure through the different sides of the mind seeking to restore the courage that's been lost. A musical action-adventure set in the recesses of the human mind... Welcome to the world of Figment. A strange and surreal world; a place filled with our deepest thoughts, urges and memories, populated by the many voices we hear in our heads. This mind has been quiet and calm for many years. But something has changed. New thoughts have started to emerge - taking the shape of nightmarish creatures who spread fear wherever they go. The only hope is for the grumpy Dusty, the mind's former voice of courage, to get back to his old self and help the mind to face its fears. Join Dusty and his ever-optimistic friend, Piper, on an adventure through the different sides of the mind, solving puzzles to set things straight, beating back the nightmares and seeking to restore the courage that's been lost. Experience how traditionally hand-painted brushstrokes come to life in a world filled with surreal art, colorful illustrations and charming characters. Experience the unique artstyles of the joyful Freedom Isles, the radiant Clockwork Town and the ominous Pathways. Music is an integral part of Figment. Explore a rhythmic environment full of trumpet trees, piano houses and singing enemies and discover how your actions influence this musical universe and its dynamic soundtrack. Take an emotional journey to face universal human fears and help Dusty bring peace to the mind again. Overcome the Nightmares by using their dirty tricks to your advantage. Figment offers various challenges for all kind of players. Swing your sword skillfully at the enemies, rack your brain to solve puzzles and combine the two in epic musical boss battles. Get an extra discount on Figment 2 if you own Figment 1! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Adventure Indie Action Puzzle Hand-drawn Singleplayer Great Soundtrack Surreal Isometric Atmospheric Colorful Cute Funny Controller Story Rich Music Casual Exploration Action-Adventure Multiplayer
523660 Hypercharge is a first and third-person shooter action figure game you've always dreamed of! Grab your friends, complete objectives, defend the Hypercore against waves of weaponized toys, and defeat Major Evil together in the story campaign! HELP SGT. MAX AMMO TO DEFEAT MAJOR EVIL AND SAVE THE HYPERCORE! There was once an ancient line of action figures, who created a magical power source that would allow humans to keep their favourite childhood memories of their toys. This ancient power source is known as the Hypercore. Inside the Hypercore are the beloved memories of our favorite toys. If Major Evil destroys it, these memories will disappear forever. Defend it with everything you've got, or see our cherished toys turn into lost treasures of the past! Key Features 1-4 player online/local co-op. Full split-screen support including online/local. Single player/offline play with player bots. Difficulty scales based on the number of players. Wave-based shooter with story campaign. Classic PvP game modes. (up to eight players) First and third-person camera modes. PLAY CO-OP WITH YOUR FRIENDS Work together as a team to defend the Hypercore. Grab a friend, break out of your toy packaging, and get ready to fight waves of classic toys. Prepare for each wave by searching for weapons, resources, and even hidden secrets. OFFLINE PLAY FOR SOLO PLAYERS Not everybody likes to play online. Hypercharge supports Offline, Split-Screen and Local play. You can progress and unlock everything in-game while playing solo. PLAYER BOTS Don’t have a team to play with? Don’t worry, we’ve got you solo players covered. Player bots listen to your commands, collect resources, and even help to build defences. UNLOCK ACTION FIGURES Earn unlocks the old school way, in-game with hard work! No Pay-to-Win nonsense. PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER MODES Go head-to-head against other action figures as you fight to become top of the scoreboard! Classic PvP modes include Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Capture the Battery, Infection, and King of the Hill. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'LAN PvP', 'Shared/Split Screen PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'LAN Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen Co-op', 'Shared/Split Screen', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Co-op Campaign Action-Adventure Third-Person Shooter Singleplayer FPS Local Co-Op Online Co-Op Shooter Split Screen 4 Player Local PvE PvP Action Tower Defense Exploration Third Person Parkour Tutorial Character Customization Controller
223100 Homefront®: The Revolution is an open-world first person shooter where you must lead the Resistance movement in guerrilla warfare against a superior military force. Story Four years into the brutal military occupation, America is on its knees. Philadelphia - once the birthplace of Independence - has become a ghetto, where surveillance drones and armoured patrols keep the population at heel, crushing any dissent with savage force. Her once-proud citizens live in a police state, forced to collaborate just to survive, their dreams of freedom long since extinguished. But in the badlands of the Red Zone, in the bombed out streets and abandoned subways, a Resistance is forming. A guerrilla force, determined to fight for their freedoms despite overwhelming odds and ignite the second American Revolution. But Freedom always has a price… Overview Homefront®: The Revolution is an open-world first person shooter where you must lead the Resistance movement in guerrilla warfare against a superior military force. A living, breathing, open world responds to your actions - you and your Resistance Cell can inspire a rebellion on the streets and turn Occupation into Revolution, as oppressed civilians take up the fight. But your enemy has the advantage - superior technology, firepower, heavy armour and air support. You must learn the art of guerrilla warfare – ambush, sabotage, infiltration, deception – and fight a running battle through the war-ravaged suburbs of Philadelphia. And the single player campaign is just the start – in Co-Op you and your friends can form your own Resistance Cell and become renowned as Heroes of the Revolution. Features • Explore a living, breathing open world - experience true open world gameplay in a first person shooter, brought to life with astonishing CRYENGINE-powered visuals • Wage Guerrilla Warfare - this is no linear shooter; learn the art of guerrilla warfare and use ambush, infiltration and hit and run tactics against your foe in thrilling un-scripted firefights • Build the Resistance - recruit revolutionaries to the cause, establish bases and safehouses, capture and customise a deadly arsenal, and build improvised, homebrew weapons for your Guerrilla Tool Kit • Ignite the Revolution - from oppressed citizen to revolutionary leader, an epic single-player campaign tells the story of the second War of Independence. The dynamic, evolving world responds to your actions as an oppressed nation rises up in defiance against the occupation • Online Co-Op - take the battle online, form a Resistance Cell with your friends and earn your reputation as Heroes of the Revolution ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Captions available', 'Stats', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Action FPS Open World Shooter Multiplayer Co-op War First-Person Singleplayer Online Co-Op Stealth Adventure Military Survival Atmospheric Violent Dystopian Crafting Futuristic Story Rich
358130 Curious Expedition is a roguelike expedition simulation set in the late 19th century. Together with famous personalities you will venture on unprecedented expeditions to regions never explored before for fame, science and treasures. Free Multiplayer Mode included Explore worlds that are up to 10,000 times larger than in the original game, discover new regions and have your name and portrait remembered for all players to see. Free DLC included Includes our free DLC 'The Arctic Expanse' adding new arctic biomes, new characters, new items, new events and much much more. Mods / Steam Workshop supported Encounter endless possibilities with Curious Expedition mods. From simple items to new characters or expeditions to the moon, everything is possible. About the Game Curious Expedition is a roguelike expedition simulation set in the late 19th century. Together with famous personalities you will venture on unprecedented expeditions to regions never explored before for fame, science and treasures. Put on your pith helmet and khakis and make your way through a lush, procedurally generated world full of wonder and mystery. Now go explore, adventure awaits! Gameplay overview Experience your very own adventure through a procedural story which makes every game unique. Explore procedurally generated worlds, each with its own distinctive set of challenges for the ambitious explorer. Plan and equip your trek. A good explorer is prepared for any eventuality. Manage your resources to keep your trek alive and sanity high. Balance your needs with the desire to carry all that precious treasure back home. Visit and interact with the land’s natives. Enter villages, trade and communicate with local tribes and civilizations that are unknown to mankind. Loot mysterious temple ruins to gain fame and treasures, but watch out for deadly traps and curses that will compromise your trek and the world around you. Equip and utilize miraculous treasures to gain advantages, but be wary of unforeseeable side effects. Fight and defend your trek against a wide range of wild animals, mystical creatures and even dinosaurs. ['Indie', 'RPG', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Exploration Rogue-like Pixel Graphics Turn-Based Strategy Lovecraftian Dinosaurs RPG Hex Grid Board Game Tabletop Moddable Story Rich Rogue-lite Dynamic Narration Procedural Generation Mouse only Choices Matter 2D Strategy Singleplayer
448630 Real-time combat in the zombie apocalypse! Guide your survivors through hordes of the infected to escape the epicentre of infection! 'Rabiez-Epidemic' is a realtime tactical game in zombie apocalypse setting, where the couple of survivors have to fight against hordes of the infected. Brought to you by the developer of 'AI: Rampage' - the well-received robot apocalypse survival game! Guide your band of survivors as they attempt to escape the epicentre of the infection! Safe places are hard to come by; danger is everywhere! Do you choose to merely survive, or attempt to stop the epidemic in this territory? Main Features Original combination of tactical elements and Arcade gameplay Realistic survivor AI Wide range of level types and settings Built on the custom, acclaimed engine that powers AI: Rampage! Steam Achievements &amp; Steam Cloud ['Indie', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Indie Strategy Sci-fi Top-Down
769560 'Night of the Full Moon' is a stand-alone roguelike card game. Take adventure into Black Forest. Random event, random plot leads to different endings. 'Night of the Full Moon' is a deck-building game based on the tale of Little Red Riding Hood. You play as Red herself, battle against monsters with cards to save your beloved grandma. You can build your own deck with the cards you collect through the adventure. In order to find her missing grandma, Little Red Riding Hood go alone into the Black Forest - a place that was always dark and night. She is about to face the guardian of the forest elves, the ferocious werewolf, the sedentary witch, the strange villagers and the truth that slowly surfaced... On the night of the full moon, the mysterious veil of the Black Forest will be unveiled layer by layer... * Mild strategic turn-based card battle * 7 classes, more than 600 cards to collect * 131 mysterious opponents await your challenge * Random events * Story options that affect your reputation and courage ['Adventure', 'Indie', 'Strategy', 'Free To Play'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Cloud'] Free to Play Card Game Strategy Deckbuilding Indie Card Battler Adventure Rogue-lite Singleplayer Roguelike Deckbuilder Rogue-like Female Protagonist Turn-Based RPG
2772750 Grand strategy wargame where the destiny of Civilizations rests in your hands - will they stand united under your leadership or fall divided in conflict? Journey through the entire saga of human civilization, from its earliest days to the futuristic era, crafting your legacy age by age. Embark on an epic journey with Age of History 3, which takes you through the vast timeline of human history. From the Age of Civilization to the realms of the far future, play as various Civilizations ranging from dominant empires to small tribes. Technology Advance in the technology tree to unlock better buildings and stronger units, improving your Civilization. Each technological breakthrough opens up new possibilities, reflecting the evolution and growth of your Civilization through History. Army Composition The choice of units in the front and second line is vital. Front-line units need to be resilient and capable of dealing with direct combat, while second-line units should provide support, range attacks, or specialized functions. With more than 63 unique unit types available , you have a vast array of army compositions to select from, offering a diverse range of strategic options. New Battle System Each day, the front-line units of both armies engage in combat with the enemy's front-line, provided they are within attack range. Simultaneously, the second-line units also participate by attacking the enemy's front-line units if they fall within their range. The combat results in casualties, the retreat of troops, and the loss of morale. Manpower Manpower represents the stock of individuals eligible for military service within a Civilization. It is a critical resource used for recruiting new troops and reinforcing existing armies, embodying the Civilization's capacity to wage war and defend itself. Manpower replenishes over time, reflecting natural population growth and recovery from previous military engagements. Since manpower replenishes over time, players must plan their military campaigns considering their current and future manpower availability. Council and Advisors &amp; Generals Over 90 unique buildings More advanced economy 48 resources each providing unique bonuses to the largest producers Civilizations Legacies &amp; Advantages Laws and reforms Religions ['Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Workshop', 'Includes level editor', 'Family Sharing'] Wargame Strategy Grand Strategy RTS Alternate History Diplomacy World War I Economy Education 2D Tactical World War II Medieval War Level Editor Singleplayer Moddable Realistic Building Cold War
420110 Business is booming for La Soleil, the patisserie run by Kashou Minaduki with his two catgirls, Chocola and Vanilla, his sister Shigure, and the Minaduki family's four catgirl sisters. Business is booming for La Soleil, the patisserie run by Kashou Minaduki with his two catgirls, Chocola and Vanilla, his sister Shigure, and the Minaduki family's four catgirl sisters. Among them are the sarcastic oldest sister who hides behind a facade of toughness, Azuki, and the clumsy youngest sister who always tries her best even if she ends up doing more harm than good, Coconut. No one got along better than these two catgirls when they were younger, but lately, they've been fighting all the time. Despite their sisterly love, a small misunderstanding ends up driving a wedge between them. As the story of these catgirl sisters unfolds, they'll grow to understand each other and strengthen their familial bonds in this heartfelt catgirl comedy, which is only a little lewd. Now open for business! ['Casual', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Anime Sexual Content Cute Nudity Visual Novel Dating Sim Romance Singleplayer Story Rich Hentai Great Soundtrack Indie 2D Linear Cats NSFW Atmospheric Comedy Female Protagonist Adventure
602520 Patisserie 'La Soleil', run by Kashou Minaduki, is flourishing thanks to the help of two catgirls: Maple, full of pride and a little on the haughty side, and Cinnamon, an impulsive daydreamer. Patisserie 'La Soleil', run by Kashou Minaduki, is flourishing thanks to the help of two catgirls: Maple, full of pride and a little on the haughty side, and Cinnamon, an impulsive daydreamer. These two are especially close among the rest of the sisters. One day, Maple encounters something that shakes her belief in attaining her dream. Cinnamon, unwilling to see Maple suffer, wishes to help her in any way possible... but she can't figure out how. This story is a heartwarming cat comedy about their ambitions and the bonds between family members... with a little ecchi on the side, too. ['Casual', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Hentai Sexual Content Anime Nudity Cute Visual Novel Dating Sim Story Rich Singleplayer Casual Great Soundtrack Romance Indie NSFW Atmospheric 2D Cats Funny Replay Value Adventure
698670 Scorn is an atmospheric first-person horror adventure game set in a nightmarish universe of odd forms and somber tapestry. Special Edition The Deluxe Edition includes the official digital soundtrack of the game, composed by Aethek &amp; Lustmord, and a 192-page digital artbook including a massive amount of exclusive artwork and research designs from the nightmarish universe of Scorn. About the Game Scorn is an atmospheric first-person horror adventure game set in a nightmarish universe of odd forms and somber tapestry. It is designed around the idea of 'being thrown into the world'. Isolated and lost inside this dream-like world, you will explore different interconnected regions in a non-linear fashion. The unsettling environment is a character itself. Every location contains its own theme (story), puzzles and characters that are integral in creating a cohesive world. Throughout the game you will open up new areas, acquire different skill sets, weapons, various items and try to comprehend the sights presented to you. GAMEPLAY FEATURES COHESIVE 'LIVED-IN' WORLD Scorn takes place in an open-ended world with different interconnected regions. Each region is a maze-like structure with various rooms and paths to discover. All the storytelling happens in-game, with no cut-scenes to distract you from the grisly reality of the living, breathing world you’re in. But keep your eyes open - the game won’t show you any sympathy if you miss something important on your uneasy travels. FULL BODY AWARENESS Players will experience better immersion being aware of the character’s body and movement. Interaction with the world is realistic - objects are picked up with your hands (instead of just floating in midair), machines and instruments are operated by grabbing the controls, etc. INVENTORY AND AMMO MANAGEMENT Your loadout is defined and limited. This plays a big role in keeping the player in an even greater state of awareness throughout the whole game. Players will have to think about when to fight and when to take cover and how their actions affect the world around them. Different play styles will be needed to advance. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Gore Horror Atmospheric Puzzle Sexual Content First-Person Dark Nudity Adventure Psychological Horror Lovecraftian Violent Singleplayer Walking Simulator Sci-fi Surreal Indie Survival Horror FPS Action
610370 Desperados III is a story-driven, hardcore tactical stealth game, set in a ruthless Wild West scenario. Play smart if you want to succeed. A good plan can make the difference between survival and finding yourself at the business end of a pistol. Desperados III is a story-driven, hardcore tactical stealth game, set in a ruthless Wild West scenario. In this long-awaited prequel to the beloved classic Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive, John Cooper will join forces with the runaway bride Kate, the shady hitman Doc McCoy, the giant trapper Hector, and Isabelle, a mysterious lady from New Orleans. On Cooper’s quest for redemption, his adventures lead him and his gang from rural towns, over swamps and riverbanks, and finally to a dramatic showdown worthy of Wild West legends. Play smart if you want to succeed. A good plan can make the difference between survival and finding yourself at the business end of a pistol. Drifter, gunslinger, and natural leader Cooper can kill quietly with a knife, or take out multiple foes with his revolvers. Strongman Hector carries a giant bear trap and can slay the toughest opponents with his trusty axe. Cold blooded bounty hunter McCoy likes to be methodical, using lures, knockout gas, poison syringes and a custom long-range pistol. Kate can fool almost any man with the right outfit, and kills discreetly with her hidden gun. And then there is this mysterious woman from New Orleans, Isabelle… Combine your team’s special skills to overcome each tough challenge in your own style. Play five unique characters, each with a very particular set of skills Experience true freedom of choice with countless different ways to overcome any obstacle Defeat large groups of enemies with careful planning and execution Witness the glory of classic Wild West scenarios like frontier towns, mysterious swamps, sprawling modern cities, and many more Choose between non-lethal and deadly attacks, stealth and blazing guns Adjust the game to your playstyle with various difficulty settings and special replay challenges The Showdown mode allows you to pause the game anytime and react to ambushes or surprise attacks ['Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Real Time Tactics Strategy Stealth Western Tactical Isometric Singleplayer Assassin Difficult Third Person Atmospheric Action Historical Violent Top-Down Adventure Indie Survival RTS Great Soundtrack
234670 Live the 4th Great Ninja War and its overpowering boss fights or defy your friends in ultra dynamic online and offline ninja confrontations! More Naruto Games About the Game The 4th Great Ninja War continues. NARUTO SHIPPUDEN Ultimate Ninja STORM 3 has been given a thorough overhaul for its FULL BURST comeback! Not least among the wealth of enhancements is the addition of the feverishly anticipated chapter in which Sasuke and Itachi take on Kabuto in a nail-biting confrontation. Ultimate Ninja STORM 3 has been remastered in HD. Key Features Absolutely Epic storyline: Wage the 4th Great Ninja War in the most epic NARUTO game ever Extreme Immersion: Confront overpowering bosses including the gargantuan Tailed Beasts in memorable battles defying time and death Gameplay Excellence: Discover NARUTO Storm ultra dynamic ninja confrontations with the series most extensive roster including the highly anticipated Naruto (Tailed Beast mode), Madara or the Jinchurikis. …and Beyond! (Full Burst New Content) Additional Chapter: Finally free of Kabuto’s control, Itachi intends to crack the Reanimation forbidden technique. Will an unprecedented Uchiha alliance with Sasuke be enough to handle it? New playable character: Kabuto reaches the almighty Sage mode and is now playable in versus mode. Unleash his power and defeat your opponents both offline and online. Director’s Cut: Discover completely revamped Storm 3 cinematics and experience the epic conflict consuming the entire ninja world more intensely that ever. 100 New Missions: Embark on a whole new series of missions, many with their own uniquely challenging objectives. 38 Additional Costumes: Outfit characters in a selection of 38 costumes from the NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: Ultimate Ninja STORM 3 DLC packs. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Shared/Split Screen PvP', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Stats', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Remote Play Together', 'Family Sharing'] Anime Fighting Action Adventure Ninja Multiplayer Controller Singleplayer Open World Beat 'em up 3D Fighter Fantasy Local Multiplayer PvP Great Soundtrack Third Person Co-op RPG Atmospheric Local Co-Op
784080 The year is 3015. The battlefields are dominated by war machines known as BattleMechs. Level entire cities and decimate the enemy in your BattleMech. Follow a quest for glory and revenge. Manage an expanding mercenary company. Fight alongside your friends with a four-player PvE co-op. BE YOUR OWN WEAPON OF WAR Welcome to the year 3015! It’s a hell of a time to be alive. Humanity has colonized thousands of star systems spanning a vast region of space known as the Inner Sphere. The golden age of cooperation and advancement is now a distant memory, and humanity has once again splintered into disparate factions all vying for supremacy. In the midst of these Succession Wars, power hungry Mercenaries like yourself are in a privileged position to capitalize big time. It’s dangerous work but that’s why you’re here, right? If you’ve got an itch to blast, wreck, stomp and go all out ballistic, step inside and become your own weapon of war! STORY As the inheritor of a once-prominent Mercenary company, reborn in the flames of its near destruction at the hands of conspiring factions, your quest for glory and revenge will stretch light-years as you chase threads of interstellar intrigue along your journey to becoming an elite MechWarrior and mercenary commander. THE INNER SPHERE Home to thousands of star systems and an array of stunning biomes, the Inner Sphere is alive with activity, purpose, consequence, and variety. Systems will be captured and reclaimed, major events will unfold, and new technologies will come to light. The rigors of war will be seen with each passing week as your relationships with the various factions fluctuate according to the relentless Succession Wars and your choices as the leader of a Mercenary outfit. GAMEPLAY The battlefields of the future are dominated by BattleMechs, hulking machines of war capable of leveling entire cities. As a BattleMech pilot you’ll rain havoc upon enemy ‘Mechs and targets, including tanks, ground vehicles, aircraft, advanced defenses, and reinforced bases. Few things can withstand the power of a ‘Mech for long, and the worlds of the Inner Sphere are veritable playgrounds of destruction awaiting your shielding defense or crushing devastation. BATTLEMECHS 'With over 50 unique ‘Mech chassis and hundreds of sub-variants, all fully-realized with high-fidelity models, damage states, and equipment, no two ‘Mechs are the same! Whether acquired from scouring the markets of the Inner Sphere for rare and valuable chassis and equipment, or salvaging directly from the wreckage of your annihilated enemies and the spoils of war, the maintenance and operation of your BattleMechs will be vital to your success both as a MechWarrior and a Mercenary outfit commander.' THE MERC LIFE Off the battlefield, as the leader of a Mercenary company you will need to manage all the key components of running a unit. You’ll need to maintain and acquire ‘Mechs and equipment, hire and field MechWarriors from throughout the Inner Sphere to join you on the battlefield, and manage your relationships with the Great Houses of the Inner Sphere, all of whom are vying for your contribution to their staggering war efforts. Of course, with each Contract comes negotiation, and with each victory comes consequence. OTHER FEATURES With the vast scope of the Inner Sphere and its complex system of world generation providing huge variety and replayability, the MechWarrior 5: Mercenaries experience offers no end. Outside the campaign, a fully-featured Instant Action system will allow you to customize and kick off isolated missions at any time, free from campaign restrictions. With four-player co-op supported both within the campaign and the Instant Action system, you can experience the full breadth of the MechWarrior 5: Mercenaries universe alongside your friends. Mods extend your game even further! Unlock the boundless creativity of the community to alter and expand the game in amazing ways. With a full editor and interface supporting gameplay mods out of the box your creativity will know no limits. ['Action', 'Simulation'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Workshop', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Family Sharing'] Mechs Simulation FPS Action Co-op Shooter Vehicular Combat First-Person Moddable Destruction 3D Singleplayer Online Co-Op Combat Futuristic Tutorial Economy Management PvE Resource Management
222480 Resident Evil® Revelations returns redefined for PC complete with high quality HD visuals, enhanced lighting effects and an immersive sound experience. Resident Evil ® Revelations returns redefined for PC complete with high quality HD visuals, enhanced lighting effects and an immersive sound experience. This latest version of Resident Evil Revelations will also deliver additional content including a terrifying new enemy, extra difficulty mode, integration with and improvements to Raid Mode. Raid Mode, which was first introduced to the series in the original version of Resident Evil Revelations, sees gamers play online in co-op mode or alone in single player taking on the hordes of enemies across a variety of missions whilst leveling up characters and earning weapon upgrades. New weapons, skill sets, and playable characters including Hunk, take the Raid Mode experience to new depths. The critically acclaimed survival horror title takes players back to the events that took place between Resident Evil ® 4 and Resident Evil ® 5, revealing the truth about the T-Abyss virus. Resident Evil Revelations features series favorites Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield, plus their respective BSAA partners - Parker Luciani and Jessica Sherawat. The action begins on board a supposedly abandoned cruise ship, the ‘Queen Zenobia’, where horrors lurk around every corner, before players head for the mainland and the devastated city of Terragrigia. With limited ammo and weapons available, the race is on to survive the horror of Resident Evil Revelations. Key Features Enhanced visual and aural fidelity – Resident Evil Revelations brings spine-chilling fear complete with high quality HD visuals, enhanced lighting effects and an immersive sound experience. Classic survival horror gameplay returns – the campaign mode’s single player experience sees gamers investigating a range of different locations including the dark confined spaces of a cruise ship and the treacherous snow covered mountains. With limited ammo and weapons, fight off infected enemies that lurk around every corner. Hell just got hotter – Infernal Mode, a new difficulty mode for the re-mastered HD edition, is not just more challenging than Easy and Normal modes but also remixes enemy and item placement, so even those familiar with the game will discover new terrors. Meet the Wall Blister – A brand new enemy, the Wall Blister is a mutated creature borne from the T-Abyss virus that spreads through water, adding to the horrors that lurk around every corner. support – Resident Evil Revelations will take full advantage of with content available to users once the game launches. Earn weapons and custom parts and use them in-game, collect figures that can be used in dioramas and check your stats through the online web service. Improved Raid Mode – New weapons, skill sets, playable characters including Rachel and Hunk and enemies exclusive to this mode are added for the this latest version. Use your equipment – Analyze enemies and investigate areas with the Genesis scanner to reveal hidden items. ['Action', 'Adventure'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'Co-op', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Valve Anti-Cheat enabled', 'Family Sharing'] Horror Action Zombies Survival Horror Third-Person Shooter Adventure Female Protagonist Co-op Third Person Singleplayer Multiplayer Online Co-Op Survival Atmospheric Shooter Gore Sci-fi Great Soundtrack Story Rich Anime
613830 The timeless RPG classic returns loaded with upgrades! Journey to the forgotten past, to the far future, and to the end of time. A big adventure to save the planet, now begins… The timeless RPG classic returns loaded with upgrades! Journey to the forgotten past, to the far future, and to the end of time. A big adventure to save the planet, now begins… CHRONO TRIGGER is the timeless role-playing classic developed by the ‘Dream Team’ of DRAGON QUEST creator Yuji Horii, Dragon Ball creator Akira Toriyama, and the creators of FINAL FANTASY. As the story unfolds, embark on a journey to different eras: the present, the middle ages, the future, prehistory, and ancient times! Whether you're a first-time player or a longtime fan, this epic quest to save a planet's future promises hours of enthralling adventure! As the definitive version of CHRONO TRIGGER, not only have the controls been updated, the graphics and sound have also been revamped to make your adventure even more fun and enjoyable to play. To complete your journey, also included is the mysterious ‘Dimensional Vortex’ dungeon and the forgotten ‘Lost Sanctum’ dungeon. Meet the challenges presented to you and long-lost secrets may be revealed... Story: A chance encounter amid the festivities of Guardia's Millennial Fair in Leene Square introduces our young hero, Crono, to a girl by the name of Marle. Deciding to explore the fair together, the two soon find themselves at an exhibition of the Telepod, the latest invention by Crono's longtime friend Lucca. Marle, fearless and brimming with curiosity, volunteers to assist in a demonstration. An unanticipated malfunction, however, sends her hurtling through a rift in the dimensions. Taking hold of the girl's pendant, Crono bravely follows in pursuit. But the world into which he emerges is the one of four centuries before. Journey to the forgotten past, the distant future, and even to the very End of Time. The epic quest to save a planet's future makes history once again. KEY FEATURES: Active Time Battle Version 2 During battle, time will not stop, and you can enter commands when the character's gauge is full. The enemies' positions will change as time passes, so choose your actions based on any given situation. ‘Tech’ moves and combos During battle, you can unleash special ‘Tech’ moves, including abilities and/or magic and characters can combine these abilities to unleash all new combo attacks which are unique to them. There are over 50 different types of combos that you can execute between two and three characters! Experience the 'Dimensional Vortex' and the 'Lost Sanctum' dungeons The Dimensional Vortex: a mysterious, ever-changing dungeon existing outside of space and time. What wonders await you at its center? The Lost Sanctum: enigmatic gates in prehistoric and medieval times will lead you to these forgotten chambers. Meet the challenges presented to you and long-lost secrets may be revealed... Graphics and sound While keeping the atmosphere of the original, the graphics have been updated in higher resolution. As for the sound and music, under the supervision of composer Yasunori Mitsuda, all songs have been updated for an even more immersive gameplay experience. Comfortable controls Whether you play with a gamepad or a keyboard, the controls have been updated for a more pleasant gameplay experience. Autosave In addition to saving at a save point or choosing to quit from the menu, your progress is saved automatically while traversing the map. ['RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Partial Controller Support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on Phone', 'Remote Play on Tablet', 'Family Sharing'] JRPG RPG Classic Story Rich Great Soundtrack Time Travel Singleplayer Retro Turn-Based Pixel Graphics Fantasy 2D Cult Classic Anime Multiple Endings Sci-fi Replay Value Adventure Action Silent Protagonist
211400 “Probably the best downloadable title on the market right now.” 9/10 – Eurogamer.se The world has ended. There is no hope. No new beginning. Only the survivors. DEADLIGHT follows the journey of Randall Wayne, a man searching for his family across Seattle during the aftermath of a 1980s event that has decimated life on earth. This visually stunning Cinematic Survival Platformer will challenge you to run, jump, climb, and struggle for your life as you look for answers and the ones you love. Key Features: A beautiful deadly world where a misstep means death. Sharpen your surviving instinct and learn to turn the environment from foe to ally. In this hopeless world, an ordinary man, Randall Wayne, will reveal himself as a natural born survivor. Think. Mindless shooting is never a good idea: there are much more walking corpses than bullets. Be smart and avoid direct confrontations whenever you can. A suggestive world of darkness. 3D highly detailed models and environments mixed with 2D sidescroller old school gameplay to create a vintage 2.5D Cinematic Platformer. Unable to escape from the horror of this dying world, Randall Wayne's journey will lead him to Seattle, in a strange search beyond his own survival. HD graphics that enhance the immersion and atmosphere of a dead world New NIGHTMARE difficulty mode from the 80s. Totally rad! Tons of extras, making of videos, unreleased concept art and more! ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Zombies Platformer Indie Action Post-apocalyptic Adventure Atmospheric Side Scroller Singleplayer Parkour 2D Survival Horror 2.5D Puzzle Great Soundtrack Short Controller Story Rich Noir
552620 ATOM RPG is a post-apocalyptic indie game, inspired by classic CRPGs: Fallout, Wasteland, Deus Ex, Baldur's Gate and many others. ATOM RPG is a post-apocalyptic indie game, inspired by classic CRPGs: Fallout, Wasteland, System Shock, Deus Ex, Baldur's Gate and many others. In 1986 both the Soviet Union and the Western Bloc were destroyed in mutual nuclear bombings. You are one of the survivors of the nuclear Holocaust. Your mission - to explore the wild and wondrous world of the Soviet Wasteland. To earn your place under the sun. And to investigate a shadowy conspiracy, aimed at destroying all that is left of life on Earth. ATOM RPG is: A powerful character creation tool, aimed at making the wasteland hero you want to portray! A balanced roleplaying system inspired by GURPS. Each stat combination provides a unique gaming experience, unique dialogues, and new ways to solve some of the quests! Dozens of skills, from lockpicking to gambling! Many hours of gameplay in all sorts of locations. Meet the other survivors in a brave new settlement, built from the dust of the old world. Venture into the wilds, where mutated creatures and savage bandits lurk. Work out the secrets of an old military bunker. Or simply lose yourself, fishing at a scenic pond... Turn-based combat, inspired by Fallout 1 and 2. Random encounters with the dwellers of the Soviet Wasteland - both friendly and dangerous. Sometimes all at the same time... Many deep, multiple-choice dialogues that feel like real conversations with the unique NPCs of the game. Nonlinear gameplay! Dozens of quests, each with many alternative solutions. Play the game like You want to! ['RPG'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] CRPG Exploration Survival Turn-Based RPG Post-apocalyptic Puzzle Sandbox Isometric Strategy Alternate History Open World Turn-Based Combat Story Rich Simulation Tactical Atmospheric Singleplayer Mystery Indie
375950 Nurture a small pot of succulents that grow in real time. Viridi is a safe haven, a place you can return to for a moment of peace and quiet whenever you need it. Nurture a small pot of succulents that grow in real time. Viridi is a safe haven, a place you can return to for a moment of peace and quiet whenever you need it. Leave Viridi open in a second window to keep you company while you work, or check in on your plants as a meditative moment every night. While not fully realistic (they're very forgiving), your succulents will require some maintenance and can die from over- or under-watering. Name your favorite plants, give them special care and attention, and they might even flower for you. Viridi is free to try and comes with your choice of plant assortments. If you think it has a place in your life, you can buy your favorite plants from the in-game nursery for just a few cents a piece. Remember to visit the nursery occasionally for the weekly free seeding! ['Casual', 'Free To Play', 'Indie', 'Simulation'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Cloud'] Free to Play Relaxing Simulation Casual Singleplayer Atmospheric Indie Cute Great Soundtrack Sandbox Nature Family Friendly Agriculture Real-Time Idler Replay Value Building
1404850 Luck be a Landlord is a roguelike deckbuilder about using a slot machine to earn rent money and defeat capitalism. This game does not contain any real-world currency gambling or microtransactions. Your landlord is knocking on your door. You have one coin left to your name. You insert the coin into your slot machine...and...JACKPOT! Luck be a Landlord, tonight! Features Roguelite gameplay - The symbols you can add to the slot machine are different every time! Lots of Symbols to add to your slot machine - Each symbol has different effects and interactions. Plenty of Items to choose from - The items are different every time as well, leading to interesting build strategies. A terrible landlord to defeat. A dog you can pet. Capitalism. Luck be a Landlord now has Screen Reader support! If the Screen Reader setting is enabled (under the Gameplay Settings or by holding the F3 key, 3 key, or L1 on a controller for 5 seconds), the game will output highlighted text to the operating system's clipboard. One can then use a screen reader program to read out the text from the clipboard. Using a Keyboard or Controller instead of a Mouse is ideal when using this mode. ['Indie', 'Simulation', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Workshop', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Roguelike Deckbuilder Deckbuilding Rogue-lite Strategy Procedural Generation Simulation Pixel Graphics Rogue-like Capitalism Resource Management Auto Battler Casual Management Singleplayer Indie 2D Retro Villain Protagonist Early Access Mouse only
1286350 BPM is a rhythm-action FPS rogue-like where you must shoot, jump and dodge to the beat of an epic rock soundtrack. Delve into a randomly generated dungeon where one missed note can lead to your death. Gain game-changing abilities and loot powerful weaponry to defeat your ancient enemy: Nidhogg. WARNING: BPM contains flashing images. If you experience epileptic seizures or blackouts when exposed to certain light patterns or flashing lights, immediately stop playing BPM and consult your doctor before resuming. Fight as a mighty Valkyrie to repel the forces of the underworld from invading the world of Asgard. Gameplay In BPM, all of your actions and the actions of your enemies are tied to the beat of the music. Your enemies perform a dance-like sequence of attacks to an epic rock opera. BPM is inspired by retro shooters of the 90’s. It is fast, frenetic and rhythmical. You can double jump, dash, rocket jump and bunny hop to evade your opponents. Your goal is to reach the end of randomly generated dungeons, collecting different weapons, abilities and items each time you play. These weapons and abilities can radically alter the way you play, making each playthrough unique. You must defeat 7 bosses to reach the final boss. Each boss moves and attacks in a unique way that you must learn to exploit if you want to succeed. Some attacks require you to jump over fields of lava, some to dodge fast projectiles, some to hold fast for a beat. Features: Shoot, jump and dodge to the beat while battling hordes of enemies. Fight powerful bosses in challenging boss battles that will push you to the edge. Explore randomly generated dungeons. Choose from 10 different characters with unique strengths and weaknesses. Wield a powerful arsenal of weapons, all with different behaviour for firing and reloading to the beat of the soundtrack. Battle a diverse array of enemies, each with unique rhythmic behaviours. Get overpowered and fire shotgun rockets while flying through the air. Utilize abilities that radically alter the way you play the game, from teleport to freezing bolts. Equip over 60 items that buff your character in unique and interesting ways. Experience an epic rock opera soundtrack. Challenge modes for extra gameplay. Add Custom Music into BPM and shoot, dash and dodge to the beat of your own soundtrack. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] FPS Rhythm Rogue-like Action Indie Shooter Adventure Action Roguelike Rock Music Music Great Soundtrack Rogue-lite Difficult Singleplayer First-Person Female Protagonist Bullet Hell Fast-Paced Procedural Generation Boomer Shooter
322190 Command a steam-driven pirate crew in a series of epic tactical shootouts in SteamWorld Heist. This is turn-based strategy with a twist: You manually aim the guns of your robots, allowing for insane skill shots and bullet-bouncing action! Another SteamWorld Game is out! Play Now! About the Game In SteamWorld Heist , you command a steam-driven pirate crew in a series of epic tactical shootouts. It’s turn-based strategy with a twist: You manually aim the guns of your robots, allowing for insane skill shots and bullet-bouncing action! As the captain you will board, loot and shoot your way through enemy spaceships. Overcome the challenges of the vast frontier by upgrading your recruits with unique abilities, weapons – and even stylish hats! Strategy focused on skill rather than chance Procedurally generated levels 15-20 hours of playtime, followed by New Game+ Kind to newcomers, deep and challenging for veterans Soundtrack by Steam Powered Giraffe ['RPG', 'Strategy'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Remote Play on TV', 'Family Sharing'] Strategy Turn-Based Steampunk RPG Indie Action Adventure 2D Female Protagonist Turn-Based Tactics Singleplayer Robots Great Soundtrack Turn-Based Combat Sci-fi Heist Turn-Based Strategy Comedy Atmospheric Touch-Friendly
1285670 Post Void is a hypnotic scramble of early first-person shooter design that values speed above all else. Keep your head full and reach the end; Kill what you can to see it mend; Get the high score or try again. WARNING: This game may potentially trigger seizures for people with photosensitive epilepsy. POST VOID We move forward_____________ _____________We aim to progress. (Challenging arcade style first person shooter with one objective: be fast) Try not to____________Try to avoid look back____________lingering on too much.____________mistakes. (Move forward and keep your idol filled with liquid by getting kills) ______You will make mistakes.______ (Each run will be a little bit different with procedurally generated levels) We measure the past_____________with what _____________________we are left with, (Compete on the global high score leader boards) Each achievement presents a new ___ challenge, as the last one _______dwarfs to our ambition. (Try to get to the end) ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Family Sharing'] FPS Psychedelic Fast-Paced Action Roguelike Difficult Shooter First-Person Singleplayer Surreal Action Pixel Graphics Arcade Retro Violent Procedural Generation Score Attack Colorful 1990's Old School Tutorial
1361000 In Silence is a multiplayer horror game. One player takes on the role of the monster who has hypersensitive hearing abilities and is almost completely blind. The other players(2-6) play as survivors, trying to escape or hunting the monster. A New Experience In Silence is being developed in order to provide a different online horror experience. You can hunt survivors as Rake by using your hypersensitive senses or play as a survivor yourself, use proximity voice chat and work together with other survivors to either escape Rake, or fight back. A Blind Monster... Rake! Rake’s vision depends on sound. The less sound there is, the less Rake’s able to see. Rake can hear the slightest bit of noise over huge distances and run at an incredible speed. With traits like these, It’s not hard to guess what Rake could do in the right hands. Shh... Be Quiet! You may be a heartbeat away from being face to face with a monster because of a step you took, a toy you stepped on, or a vase you broke… But was it your plan all along? You could use noise that objects like a TV or a Radio make in order to distract Rake and escape the area, or maybe to set up a trap instead.... Escape or Hunt! As a Survivor, you have two choices. Either try to escape by repairing a car and leaving with it, or open a secret armory and hunt the monster down. Where Am I? Every match you’ll play is going to be different. Your perks, escape points, roles and the item placement will all be randomized. You will always feel uneasy because there’s no way to predict how the game will go. Key Features Single player Take your shot at defeating Rake by yourself! Nightmare Mode The amount of items that are spread across the map is equal to the amount of items you will require. If there are 3 wheels missing from a car, there will be only 3 wheels in the map. Perks With 16 different perks, every one of them will be useful in different situations and games. The perks will help with giving different roles to every survivor such as becoming a formidable hunter or a great mechanic. Proximity Voice Chat You can hear the voices of other players according to their proximity to you. But don’t forget, Rake will be able to hear your voices too. Flashlight and Flashbang You will use an advanced flashlight to defuse Rake. With flashbang effect, this flashlight can stop Rake, but also it can make your friends blind. If you are caught by Rake or your friend is caught, you can stun Rake with flashbang and escape. In order to use flashbang, you have to be sure that your flashlight has enough energy. The Armory During the match, survivors will be able to find and open a secret armory in order to acquire weapons to aid them with fighting Rake. As a result of opening the armory, Rake might get a bit agitated… Enraged Monster When the armory or the escape gates are opened, Rake gets enraged. During this phase, Rake will be able to kill survivors while running. Play as a Mouse If you die as a survivor, you’ll reappear as a mouse but you’ll still be able to help your friends escape by doing things such as; finding items for other players to use or distracting the monster. ['Action'] ['Single-player', 'Multi-player', 'PvP', 'Online PvP', 'Co-op', 'Online Co-op', 'Cross-Platform Multiplayer', 'Steam Achievements', 'Steam Leaderboards', 'Family Sharing'] Horror Multiplayer Online Co-Op Survival Horror Co-op Psychological Horror Survival Stealth Action First-Person Singleplayer Social Deduction PvP Atmospheric Dark Strategy Adventure Puzzle Gore Mystery
396750 EVERSPACE™ combines fast-paced combat with roguelike elements, great visuals and a captivating story. It takes you on a challenging journey through an ever-changing, beautifully crafted universe full of surprises. Shoot, craft and loot your way to victory while the odds are stacked against you. Join the community on Discord EVERSPACE 2 - GET INVOLVED! About the Game EVERSPACE™ is an action-focused single-player space shooter, combining roguelike elements with top-notch visuals and a captivating story. It takes you on a challenging journey through an ever-changing, beautifully crafted universe full of surprises. Your skills, experience, and talent for improvisation will be tested continuously as you piece together the puzzle of your existence through encounters with interesting characters, each having their own unique part of the story to tell. In each exciting run, you will face entirely new situations, ensuring countless hours of thrilling gameplay and generating myriad opportunities for individual, meaningful moments to experience. No matter how skilled you are, death is inevitable but is also only the beginning of a much larger journey. Dash into intense dogfights and experience furious space combat using a wide range of weaponry and devices. Collect and mine valuable resources to either repair your ship’s systems or to craft new equipment and modifications for a much-needed advantage. Your choice. Find blueprints for crafting, and hunt for exotic weaponry and equipment. You never know what will drop next. Travel through vast, procedurally-generated levels with untold numbers of hidden dangers and treasures. A game of risk and reward awaits. With the tools provided, it is up to you to make the best of your situation. Utilize every advantage and be creative to turn the odds in your favor. Every mistake could be your last. FEATURES Single-player roguelike space shooter with persistent progression Captivating fully voice-acted story featuring interesting and thoughtfully designed characters Three unique player ships, each with different capabilities and starting gear to choose from Vibrant art style with top-notch visuals and incredible attention to detail Shooter-style 6DOF controls optimized for mouse + keyboard In-depth crafting and damage system Dynamic, functional cockpit displays for all player ships Hardcore Mode with permadeath for die-hard roguelike fans BEST PLAYED WITH ['Action', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Achievements', 'Full controller support', 'VR Supported', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Steam Cloud', 'Family Sharing'] Space Action Roguelike Action Indie Sci-fi Space Sim Rogue-lite Singleplayer Flight Shooter VR Rogue-like 6DOF Survival Exploration Difficult Arcade Great Soundtrack Simulation First-Person
428950 Kivi, Toilet and Shotgun is a single player top down action game where your goal is to reach the end of the desert by avoiding all kinds of obstacles and fighting the desert raiders. Go up against foes in your vehicle and on foot. Take on powerful bosses, but make sure you're quipped for the fight! Features Randomly generated environments. Car upgrades/customization. Character upgrades. Power-ups Character mode / car driving mode Many cars to choose from Comic book style cinematics Kivi, Toilet and Shotgun is being developed by 16bit Nights and published by Back To Basics Gaming. ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Casual', 'Indie'] ['Single-player', 'Steam Trading Cards', 'Family Sharing'] Indie Action Casual Adventure Pixel Graphics 2D
